i am good. how about you?
cool. i like ultimate frisbee. i play it almost every weekend.
oh, i see. i don't eat chocolate anymore.
i love to meet new people.
i live with my parents in bora bora
i am sorry, i'm not a big fan of chocolate.
oh i am sorry i didn't understand what you meant.
it is freezing here too. i love fall.
i'm doing great, how old are you? i'm 35.
my dad is a doctor and i'm a teacher, so i try to be kind to him.
do you have a job? i am a stay at home dad
my wife and kids love to go to church every sunday
yeah i've 3 guns, love them! and i love to drive my pickup truck!
i like to hunt for big game like black widow and black tail.
i am sure you do. i like driving trucks and love to hunt, do you have any pets
i have a lot of free time. i love to hunt.
i am. i am studying nursing, and you?
i do, it is helping me learn a lot
nice, so what do you do for a living?
i have a dog and a cat. i love them both
i live in arizona, do you live in north dakota?
i'm not, i'm more of a dog person
i understand that. i'm a nurse and i work in a nursing home
do you go to the gym regularly?
sure, how old are you?
no i don't. i am single.
yes, especially since i'm single. i don't want kids.
i'm in labor delivery so i drink a lot
i am glad to hear that. do you like being single too?
it helps me with my delivery. i drink a lot of it too.
you sound like a really cool dude
do you have kids too
i am good, just got off of work.
awesome! are they good natured? i've two dogs and an elephant
i love animals. dogs are good company.
no. i am too busy practicing law.
i love anything supernatural! i'm more of a horror movie buff
what kind of dog do you have?
i love animals. i have two dogs.
that is okay. i'm afraid of heights so i practice them.
i am doing good how are you
that sounds like an interesting job
i'm married and have 2 kids
wow! i love dogs! i have 2!
i agree. i am a pediatrician so i know what it is like to have to babysit
i live in ohio. you?
i'm in texas. where are you from
my kids and i are listening to jazz music
hello. no i don't. my brother and i like to listen to rap music.
oh wow, i am a musician. do you have any children?
yeah i love rap music, and my favorite food is sushi
that is really cool, i wish i had time for weights
i love rap especially rap music
yes you are. i love it when my parents come over
i love granola, i eat it in the afternoon sometimes.
i used to be a gym teacher so i've to stay fit sometimes
that's pretty young to be in the bathroom.
wow. that's a lot of kids! i'm sorry.
you are a smart cookie. i wish i was you.
what is your favorite food? mine is burgers.
maybe. i am busy preparing for my law school.
no. maybe you can tutor.
wow that is cool. my older sister used to do that.
thank you for your concern. i will try to be successful in law school.
hello, i'm eating some tofu and watching movies with my brother. you?
sounds like you are having a great night.
do you have any siblings?
well i do like a lot of meat.
do you drink alot?
no pets. i am not very social. i am a body builder.
i eat a lot of meat. how about you?
cool, what kind of stories?
i'm good! i just finished restoring my classic car.
awesome, i am in new york city.
i have 2 boys. i like to watch movies as well.
that's good. i don't like shellfish, so i'm allergic to it.
it is very fun. my job is pretty stressful though.
i buy everything girl, i work at a store that rescues historic homes
well, you are a man. women have to choose from two : pink or lime green.
hi, i am reading a mystery and enjoying it. blue is a nice color.
i don't like her music. my husband is into it.
i'd love to teach english. do you have any hobbies?
i like blue and i like to mystery solve.
yes, but not all the time. do you like to read?
i am on the farm, where animals are raised.
yeah it is. i love to read. i also like to hike.
lol, i am just as guilty. i love mystery.
yes, i am. bucs fan since i was three.
i've a weakness for vanilla ice cream, what about you?
i am allergic to everything they put in my food.
do you have any pets?
no, i am allergic. i would die.
i have never played it. i would like to try it.
i am a kid, but my older sister and i love to go to disney world every year
no, i've not. but i would like too.
i'm doing well. just got in from feeding the rabbits. how are you?
awesome! what music do you like? i love country music.
that's cool. what are you watching?
cool! what are you up to this evening?
they are hard workers, i am a nurse and i love to help.
maybe if the pizza was purple. that's the color of my room.
do you like pizza?
hey! i'm kera too! what is your name?
nice! i work as an accountant but like to take my boys on long hikes
my dogs names are spook and beep
it is nice. i am a huge fan of the fall weather.
what is your favorite activity?
i'm a music teacher. what about you?
i try to give back by going to the gym.
hi. i'm good and yourself?
that sounds great. i am in school too. i need to study.
i have never been so excited about a game of ping p
i love playing on the water. do you?
of course! my cat is named liz.
maybe. do you have any hobbies?
are they both male or female?
i live in canada. i like to code.
my family and i are from canada so we love ice tea.
oh that is cool. i like models, but i am a web designer, and i do a
i do web design. i also like to cook but i am not very good at it.
i am a student so i don't drink or do drugs.
i do. i do some web design.
that is cool. do you work?
i am a very talented singer.
hi i am good how are you?
thanks that is ok i just want to retire soon
i am retired and love to travel. i hope you are having a great evening
oh wow, i hope you two have a great evening
that's nice. i hope he does that more often
do you have any animals?
i work as a stunt double for horses. you?
i'm retired and love to ride horses
i like bluegrass music but i am not a fan of country music
what is your job
i do love potato chips but they make me fat lol
oh dear. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
sorry to hear. are you married?
you are very welcome
i understand that and i want to be a designer like him
yes. what is your favorite color?
i have three children. i am so sorry!
that would be amazing! do you have any favorite dishes?
oh wow that sounds really fun! i love cats.
do you like to cook? i love cooking but also enjoy fishing.
yes, he's the man. you should try to be.
about three years now, i like cooking and have 3 children.
my husband and i both have jobs. he works nights and i work days.
four is a lot, i live alone with my cat and my wife.
i'm retired, from banking. i have made a lot of quilts.
well i try to walk as much as i can. that is what i do for my family.
i don't like chicken, but i love to make quilts.
do you like to read? i do.
i am so happy to hear that. do you have any pets?
i like to eat quilts and go hiking in the spring.
hi. i drive a nissan pathfinder
i like christian rock, i work at a pet store
you are so very lucky! i work at a pet store and my dad was a cop.
wow that's a lot of family. i'm only 4
that is great! i was born into a wealthy family, and work at pet smart.
i like running and playing with my dog
do you like horses? i've a lot of horses in my farm.
i am so hungry, i am getting some chili
i am doing well. just got home from a visit to the doctor.
what do you study?
law is hard work, i hate it! i hate my dad too.
thanks, i don't get along with my dad
you buy the rights to use the animals in comics.
wow. you must have been really smart. i don't know about that.
i agree. i hate to admit it but i learned a lot from my dad
what do you do for work?
i'm good how are you?
i love dogs, my dogs name is charlie
i like dogs, what do you like to do for fun?
i went to college in pennsylvania
nice. what do you do in the free time?
i do like watching the holidays.
my family and i go to disney world every year
yes i do, and a nice groomer
i am well. how are you?
i love red, reminds me of summer time.
i love to build stuff out of blocks and put them in my spaceship
i don't play games. my degree is in computer science
i live in california but the closest zoos are far away.
i do. i have a dog. what kind?
banjo is a cool name! i love animals.
no. i'm a jazz fan. i eat everything. you?
yum! i'll have to try that sometime.
i camp a lot, especially at night's.
i have never been there. it is a new york thing, i don't travel.
i do watch a lot of tv. i enjoy comedies and such.
i work at a nursing home, i get home at 5:30, and i eat chocolate
that is wonderful. i am not a fan of food, but i love music.
ok. just making sure. i am a professional singer
i love cats they're my favorite
oh really how do they work
do you have any pets? i have two cats and they are wonderful
wow small town. my parents must love you
i m from south carolina and i m a professional singer
horror movies mostly. how about you?
i sing folk music and i hope to make it big some day.
i'm well, how are you?
i am a part time student, so i am pretty busy
i love the band pablo, they are great
i'm only 5 foot 8
that is not very short for a guitarist.
that's cool. i was a semi driver when i was younger
what subject are you in?
i am doing well, thank you. i'm a singer and i am pretty good at it
hi. i am playing some pool with my best friend right now.
do you have any pets?
do you enjoy your work?
that is fine. you have hobbies. i don't.
i used to be a bartender. now i'm a housekeeper.
maybe it is time for you to get some new friends.
you are so lucky to not have any bad habits. i quit years ago.
yes it does. you should come over and play sometime.
i'm great. i'm five feet tall. and i love to eat chocolate candy.
a mini dachshund. what about you?
he is 5 years old. what is your occupation?
yes we do, he is 5'11
yes, i love it. i am a stay at home dad.
do you have a pet? i named my dog pablo
well, i am interested in dogs. do you have any pets?
cars are fun. i have a mini van.
i'm doing great, thanks! i'm in the hospital so knitting is relaxing.
i worked as a teacher for a long time. what about you?
you are so lucky. i cannot work because my disability
i do like handy people. i love listening to country music.
that's cool. my job is in a maternity ward.
lol, yes, it can be hard to work on a boat with a disability like mine.
fried food is nice. i love pizza.
i do like fried foods. what about you?
i am well. how are you?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am a singer and i sing to my dog.
i like to explore new parts of the city and sing
i sing when i'm with friends, my mom wasn't impressed.
that's awesome! i'm allergic to dogs, but i love singing about them
i don't have kids. i am retired and living the great life.
do you like dogs? i'm allergic to them.
i like hiking and stuff, you?
no, i don't. i hike and go to national parks.
i've no siblings
i work in the health field. what do you like to do?
she's a health secretary. she is really good at her job
no. i am a big meat eater though
i've been doing it for a while.
i enjoy hiking and camping. what about you?
hi. good, how are you?
i love to wear anything. i am single and my sister shops for me.
i usually shop for shoes, i have to keep up with my sister.
i don't care for models. i'm a nurse, not a model.
i don't. i am single though.
i love movies and shopping. i am very close to my sister
no i don't want any kids. i am single so i don't care about kids.
it is hard work but i am proud of it.
i'm good, just got back from work. how are you?
i'm a blonde with blue eyes and short hair. how are you tonight?
do you have a favorite toy?
rabbits are cute, i adopted one
i like being on the computer more
yeah what did you do to get locked up
well that's cool, do you like it
no not me, i like my friends
good afternoon how are you
that sounds great, i wish i could have more time alone
that is very kind of you to offer. i'll be alone most of the week.
i am single with no kids, but i do like to work out
yes i'm single, with two kids.
that's a good attitude to have!
i work in delivery so i stay fit too.
it does work, i've a lot of energy from just being alone
great! i just got out of jail, so i guess that is good
nice, i teach fashion to high school students
i work at a bar at night to pay bills.
i can totally cook for you.
i don't like honey. i do like fish.
i like to work out a lot, and make money.
yes it will. that's what i do for fun
i do. but they never came.
i am doing well. i just came back from a dance class.
i don't. i am a dog person myself, though!
that is awful. what happened?
i like to take walks.
that sounds great! i'm going to a dance school
that's great! what is your favorite food?
i like to eat at the dog food bank sometimes
do you have any pets?
i do and you?
do you play sports? i play soccer and i love it.
i am a musician
i am actually married and have two kids
i like to play video games and read dramas, mostly.
yup! they will get married after the concert.
they are, they look great together. i'm excited too!
they do and they are very close
hi. i am a single mom of two boys.
wow. you must be a very wealthy person.
cool, i am single and have 2 boys.
yeah, i am single with 2 boys and a mom.
i am going to get a hat!
i'm sorry. i work with a lot of women.
i love to write, too. i have a lot of spare time now that i am'd like
i'm very well thank you. how are you?
i worked in the insurance business.
that's cool! do you have any hobbies? i don't really do anything else besides study bio
bluegrass is fun. i love blue.
i love chips. i love drinking wine in the evenings.
i am not a fan of pizza. i do like bbq though.
yes i've! what is your favorite thing to do?
i'm going to go eat some pizza now. i love pizza, i just can not eat white
i am good, i ate all the meat. i need it.
my brother has a vintage muscle car that i love to shred with.
i am renting a home soon, so i'd like to have a few months.
i would love that. are you a lawyer?
my brother used to tell me that.
that's not fun at all.
i've two brothers. one brother is older than me.
my mother is a secretary, my brother is a bodybuilder.
i'm good, and you?
i love to read, but i am a nurse so it may take a while.
i am a nurse so i work a lot.
yum! i love pizza
that sounds very catholic, i don't think i've ever met someone that isn't
oh my gosh that's so cool. my favorite color is purple
i am a nurse, and i am allowed to say what i want!
lol that is funny. are you a christian too?
hi, i am well, and you?
hello, i am going to a party tonight. i will eat granola for breakfast
i like to garden and eat fresh produce.
i love the ocean. i am going to eat some granola for breakfast.
i love old cars. i have a vintage muscle car.
i like the blue eyes and white stripe so i guess that.
nemo. i love that fish.
it is in chicago, i have a beekeeping class.
hello, i am doing well. where are you from?
i love beaches, i love reading
i work at a school as a teacher
my wife is a teacher also.
i have 7 children. what are you into
oh i like animals too. my daughter loves to pet them
well blue is a pretty great color
i am a teacher at a school and love mystery. what about you?
pretty good! just got back from my morning shopping
i'm in high school. how about you?
i am going to auburn next year. i want to be a doctor!
because i want to become a doctor
that is true, do you like music?
i will try to shop shop at the mall next year, i want to get a nice volks
i bet. i want to become a doctor when i get out of high school.
yes, i am trying to save money for college
hello, i'm lucy. how are you?
i'm working as a secretary, i've to wait til tomorrow, but i really enjoy it.
do you like chocolate candy? i love candy. i've a chocolate bar at home.
i play soccer, i love soccer. i also like eating candy
oh that is fun. what is your favorite sport?
it is ok, it was all for naught.
i don't like sweets, i eat ice cream sandwiches.
i've a weakness for strawberries. do you like candy?
sure, how old are they? i'm 34
it is great. i went to college to be an environmentalist.
no, but i have 2 kids, both kindergarten.
that is awesome. i am an environmentalist, working in the industry since i was little.
that sounds like fun. i love to work!
my kids are so cool. i love them, they're like my babies.
i love history so it is good to have it in writing.
cool. i just started a job as an agent.
sure, i just started a new job as a waitress.
i do relax. i fantasize about dragons and stuff.
i don't like music. i write my own music.
that is interesting. i like to write my own books, mostly sci fi
i want to be a lawyer.
aang can save the world from cancer.
wow, i never heard of that before. sounds fun.
cool! what do you have in common?
i'm good, how about you?
i'm a pet sitter
i do, but no children. i work as a cop, what about you?
what do you do for work?
i do like nirvana, especially since my dad was a cop
well you are still a teacher
my parents are very strict about diet, so i cannot go running.
i do too! my father used to be a cop, what do you do?
that's great. i like shopping. do you like to travel?
you will not be disappointed. i just moved to bora bora from germany
i drive my dad's ford pinto and he also has an ultimate frisbee.
you are in college? i'm just in bora bora for vacation.
what is your favorite sport?
oh okay. do you have any hobbies?
i do play with my turtle timmy. he's a fav. summer sport.
i live in the boondocks now. i want to live in the city.
i am doing good how are you?
hi joanna i'm josie. i was born and raised in south carolina
i love gymnastics i am a silver medalist
that sounds very fun. i wish my parents were that they are always on my back
i love music, i sing some horror movies
i grew up there. i miss my family
they have those too! do you sing?
i can understand that! do you have any children
hello. i'm well and how are you?
yes. i like to make fluffs and sing about letters.
it was great! i love dogs. my favorite are chocolate lab and chow mein.
i do. i also like to read, do you?
i love music too, and my favorite is pink floyd.
they are very social animals. i don't like them.
yeah they do. i am not a fan.
i am doing great! i just got done working. i just got home from the gym.
i am lonely too, so you must be lonely too.
i go to the gym most days, just got home from feeding the rabbits.
i am. do you like dogs?
animals are people too. i have a pet cow.
that is great. i do work out.
i work at a nursing home and go to the gym every day
i have a lot of family. i go to the gym with them all the time.
i'm good. i just got back from work. how are you?
i am a father of two. i have been divorced for almost a decade.
nope, all grown up. i am only 40.
oh you have kids? how nice?
oh i understand that, i am single so i don't have much time for my family
what do you like to do?
i'm sure
i am 40, i'm a little nervous about divorce and my wife
i've. how old are you?
i have five. i am an artist and i clean out cages.
oh, i love cleaning out cages. i do that when i'm bored.
my job is cleaning out cages at research institutions.
no i don't paint. i'm a custodian for now.
no, i am an artist and have to give back to the community.
my parents have raised me right! they taught me well!
yes! i try to make it as many little packages as possible!
good, how are you? i am an arctic explorer.
sounds fun! i love karaoke!
i am not saying it is. i am just saying. do you have any hobbies?
i have a dog, his name is shelby.
that is sad. i used to teach arctic exploration.
you are right, very cool. do you like ice fishing?
cool. what was your favorite color?
i am sorry, but i don't speak anymore. i am very disorganized.
just hanging out with my friends, you?
that's nice. what kind of car?
you could rent one for a week, itd save money
what do you do for work?
i do, i've a friend. do you like pizza?
do you like to cook? i do some at the restaurant i work at.
i've a turtle. i rescued him from a pet store
i'm allergic to shellfish.
good. just finished a long day at the office. how are you?
oh my gosh i love dogs i am a lawyer
nice, what kind of dogs do you have?
i am not religious. i work as an attorney. what do you do?
i am a lawyer. do you like lawyers?
do you have any pets?
i live on a horse ranch. i'm terrified of heights though.
i don't like the beach. i am a dog person myself
i'm doing pretty good how about yourself?
i am allergic to cats, so i make do with what i have.
i just take it easy and enjoy my day.
i am going to bed early tonight so i can unwind!
that's a cute name! i like the color orange.
a cat, i am allergic to it
yeah, i don't mind spending a little extra money on my paintings
that sounds great. i like to read, too, but i am allergic to cats.
i am doing good. how are you?
i love to cook paella and eat it while watching the race.
i'm an elementary school teacher. i do a lot of volunteer work.
that is nice what subject do you teach?
i'm currently in high school. how about you?
i'm currently in school and work from home
i listen to music at home, i like to play instruments and sing.
i listen to alot of old stuff. mostly folk music.
i'm a vegan and i love sushi!
i'm a vegan, i love sushi.
yes, very much, especially since i am vegan.
my father used to work in the industry.
that is great. do you work out?
i understand that, it is good to know
i do like hiking and camping. do you have any siblings?
what do you like to do in your free time
i am doing well. listening to country music while showering.
i have never tried it. but my family seems to like it.
i listen to a lot of music while i work.
i love country music! i also love ice tea.
i like to go to country concerts and listen to country music
do you get to travel a lot? i love traveling
that sounds cool. do you have any hobbies?
what other things do you enjoy?
i'm doing good. how are you?
oh wow, you must have been a fun person to hang out with
oh nice! that is awesome. i used to drink a lot, but stopped five years ago.
i bet they were beautiful.
i like to read a lot too. my wife and kids need a break from math.
math is cool. i like chess.
well i used to be good at chess, but i stopped. now i play monopoly.
i am trying to read a book about my ex wife.
just watching horror movies. what about you?
my name is rob, do you have any hobbies?
well, you should try it some time. you might like it.
do you work from home? i do.
i'm sorry to hear that. i like working in a warehouse.
oh, okay. that is great. my name is katrina.
yup, i love to watch horror movies!
nice. do you cook?
hello! i am a young adult and enjoy web designing such as web design.
i love the cold, especially since i'm a young adult.
i work in the construction business.
no, i graduated a few years ago.
i live in canada and love the country. do you code?
i am so young. i am too young to go to school.
i am in a small town outside of mississippi.
i love bbq, i wish i could eat it.
do you like to dance? i love bbq
bummer. i wish i could find something healthy for my feet.
i'm an author, blogger, blogger affiliate, affiliate marketer.
what do you do for a living?
you will need to find someone else to clean up after you retire.
i am an artist, i make short stories.
that's great! what do you do for a living?
hello. i'm good, how are you?
that sounds like a really fun job.
that's why i stay away from the water. it is so scary.
are you a woman? i like to drink scotch to relax.
cool, do you have any hobbies?
you can get flatscreen tvs these days.
sounds like a nice family. my dogs are lazy, though.
i am doing well, and yourself?
that is cool. do you work at all?
it is a job that i love, so we can be happy.
i love to play softball! what kind of music do you like?
center field, but i can play left field too!
that sounds great. i am going to be a coach in the new york metropolitan area
i love mexican food, especially chinese food made from fresh ingredients!
that's so true! i wish there was more classical music in my youth.
hey. i'm good, how are you?
oh wow that sounds like an interesting task.
do you have any pets?
not much, i only play board games.
i would rather be playing board games with my pet cat than traveling.
it is a beautiful place, but i think it needs a little love.
i have never been to vegas, i might take you on a trip.
what is your favorite food? mine is chips, my pet.
i'm doing well thank you. how are you?
that is great. i love kids
cool, i am married and have two kids, i also love the early mornings.
italy is a beautiful country. i want to live there one day.
well it is healthy.
yes, i am a teacher. i have 5 children.
yes, i travel a lot, i have a children and i love them very much.
i have to go swim, but i'll be back in two hours.
hello, i'm a teacher, what do you do?
you need to find one, it is very important!
i can make you one!
i have a pet cow and a kid.
i like to work with organic ingredients, i also enjoy cooking
i am not really a fan of the man, he is controlling women and is a racist.
i like to read, cook and cook for my kids.
oh that is a lot of kids! do you like kids?
hi. i'm single, i don't have any kids.
i don't want kids either.
model and singer. what do you do?
i bet that would be fun.
well that sounds cool. what do you do for fun?
that's so cool! i love animals!
ok. do you sing?
maybe!............!!!!!!
i am watching a movie i love and you?
i am only a little overweight but i love swimming.
i have two kids, they love swimming and listening to their favorite band.
that's a lot. my kids would not like that
i like mustangs, and we would not be able to afford one.
my husband is a cop so i help out when he needs it
i just go to the beach with my kids and swim.
i do cook! but i am a little picky about my ingredients
yes, i've been riding horses all day!
i'm doing well, and how are you today?
no i am not. i work as a bartender to pay bills now.
that is awesome. i don't think i've ever been to a bank.
i keep a lot of things to myself. my legs are a mess
i love the horses, but the calf hurts so much.
i walk a lot, i want to retire soon.
yeah it really does.
hello. i am joanna from south carolina. how are you?
that is great! i love to talk to people. i am also a musician.
i love horror movies too! i have seen it in several.
i don't like sports, but i enjoy horror movies.
i have not. is it a dive bar?
they must love you, i am sure they do. what is your favorite movie?
i like yours better! what do you do for a living?
i am doing great! how are you?
i like to eat fish and chips.
my best friend is a robot and he's a cop
yes!! i have a robot friend so he is my robot too.
my best friend is a robot so i love to coplay.
i love to coplay i am a teenager
thanks. you have a nice day as well.
hey there! how are you today?
wow! i work at a hair stylist, so it is not easy.
i like cheese pizza too! i love watching football sunday.
i am going to have pizza for dinner tonight! what do you like to do for fun?
oh i'm a bucs fan myself
i'm a huge steelers fan too. my father is a coach and i grew up following him
awesome. i am sure you are a great person
i am doing very well. i just finished reading a strange book.
that sounds like fun. i'm going to work in my mom's restaurant.
it can be. you should eat more pizza.
i know the struggle, i'm so excited to start working again!
i can't. i've a stutter and my mommy makes me eat pizza when i'm
maybe you could try speaking out loud in a high stress environment.
that is very interesting. you have an interest in horses?
hi i'm a little worried about my dogs, they scared me
what do you do in your free time?
i have never worked with electricity.
i don't think so. my mom passed away when i was young.
they are but i do like a good old fashioned drink of scotch.
i used to work at the co worker co operation center, they had dogs.
i'm afraid of dogs, what do you like to do for fun
well, you could always try to find a local farmer.
hi! i do like skateboarding, but i don't like being still.
i love bluegrass and i hate being still
no i am a male 40
i build houses and sell them for money. what do you do?
i wish i could have had that. my job would be more enjoyable
oh wow, i had one cat named susie. she was a pain though
oh ok. i work at a nursing home now
no silly, just old
hi. how are you today?
no, i'm in the army. i was born in puerto rico
i am currently a mechanical engineer. what is yours?
i was. i got promoted after i finished my tour of duty.
i did not know there was a service in norfolk.
i have served for 20 years. i don't like it.
i want to go into finance...
yes, but i don't think they will help me since i'm a violent person.
hi, how are you tonight?
i have been hunting all day long
do you get free food?
i like to work on them.
i'm a handyman
it is my favorite. i've a few of them
that sounds fun
oh i understand do you hunt too?
hi, i am well, i am jewish and i don't like sweets.
yeah i do like to cook
i don't know about that. i just watch tv.
i like to spend my money on cars
it is going well. i love the office. i just finished an episode.
i work at a school near new york
yeah i know it is a lot, and i like it here
yeah i think it would be nice, although i don't like sweets
no, but i could learn. what do you do in your spare time?
that sounds like fun! i've 3 sisters.
i've three siblings. one sister. i am scared of clowns though.
we don't have a set genre but we do sing different kinds of music.
oh. i don't like to dance either. i've never been good at it.
i wish. i am a singer so i could make some money too
that is a good plan, i really need help getting over my addiction to drugs
i am not sure if that would work out well
hello, i'm doing well. i've a long night at school.
both i guess.
in my bedroom with my family, i spend most of my days at school
i like the beach, but i don't go there. my family does.
horses are great. my family has a lot of them.
i would not mind living in my dad's shop.
that is nice. i spend most of my time at school
yeah, it is sucks, but at least i can cook and eat at home!
i am fine thank you. how about you?
i'm retired and living the great life. how about you
i like to go to school to be a nurse
i'm retired so i can write sci fi no worries
i am sorry too
it is, i'm married with two kids
do you work with computers? i'm an author
that's great! i am doing very well
hi, good! just got back from shopping!
joanna an? i love her music.
wow, your parents are very supportive. i just love shopping, they love it
yeah she does. i am going to an all girls high school next year
scary movies are scary but not scary enough for my little sister.
do you like fashion as well?
you should watch the exorcist, he is my favorite.
yes. i want to go to college to become a nurse
no i don't. do you play on the playground?
i like to read poetry. what do you read?
i like reading poetry. do you have a favorite favorite strain of it?
that is awesome, my sister is great at coloring.
i read alot of poetry also.
i like to hike and do stickers in the summer time.
i love to eat stickers. i need to learn how to draw.
cool! i like coke too. i try to stay in shape, and read poetry.
i am doing well. how about you?
that sounds like fun! i have been thinking about writing a sci fi book.
that sounds like a lot of work.
lol. maybe i can find one that isn't a clone.
lol! i'm sure you would. i have my degree in psychology.
that sounds great. what is your favorite band?
cool! my parents were engineers too, they passed away when i was young.
i am afraid of spiders, but i also have an interest in technology.
i'm doing very well thank you. how are you?
my day was good. i just got back from a workout. how about you?
my hat fell off while knitting, it was very embarrassing.
i am too but the nurses at the hospital where i work are kind of understanding.
i do. i'm unable to work due to a disability
i do enjoy music. what is your favorite kind of music?
what are those
i do knit and knit with friends
hi i am doing great. i just got back from eating some pizza.
i like to eat dog food. what kind of dog do you have?
well thank you i'm off to go to sleep
i got into it when i was a kid. my dog and i both love to eat those.
i am interested in different areas of medicine.
no, just my husband and i are moving into our new house
i bet that is very relaxing.
do you like to travel much?
i am fine how are you
i work at a canadian company that makes computer software. what about you
i do like a nice glass of ice tea myself
i am only 24
oh i'm sorry to hear that. my family doesn't travel that much
thanks! just finished working on my new website
do you like the canadian food and culture
hello. i'm just getting back from playing some board games. what about you?
it was great, we had a reception after the wedding.
i play video games
what kind of games do you like to play?
do you have any hobbies?
oh i get it. so what do you do for fun?
i drive a mini van, it is a big truck
that's great. i've a cat named after him.
hi i'm doing well thank you. how old are you?
it is! do you like pizza? i love it.
yeah that's kind of what i like, a clean house.
do you work at a restaurant
oh. well, my older sister would love to hear that.
it is a pepperoni with bacon, mushrooms, and jalape os. you work there?
i am sure. i like the pizza. i like eating it.
i don't like the pizza but its my favorite food
i am good how are you
that is great! i work in a factory so it is very dangerous.
that sounds fun! i've a lot of time since i left the farm.
i like her. i am a student. what is your favorite color?
oh wow! i'm in ohio, we have a ton of plants and we have lots of
i've a cousin who lives in chicago and his water bill is so high.
oh that is nice. what do you do for work
i'm afraid of water
hello jonas. i am doing well. how are you?
i dropped out of high school. i don't know how to cook.
that's so sad, you should really take a break.
i like dogs. do you like animals? i've a dog.
do you have pets? i've two dogs, a pitbull and a cow.
i'm sorry to hear that. i dropped out of highschool.
that's a lot of running. i drop out of highschool and work at fast food.
i am a waitress, and i have to wait tables. it is the worst.
hi. doing good. just got back from walking my dog.
i work in sales, i've a big family
no destination, just chatting and eating dinner with my family
that's so romantic! i love music!
we went to a buffet and got married. i'm pregnant and had triplets
i'm only in high school so i don't have time to do anything else
a ford pinto, i work for a car company
i've never worked for a company that allows animals, but i would like to work for them.
yes, i am a programmer and have been for a years.
oh wow. i am not even close to your size!
cool. i code a lot so i do.
i work in a canadian coffee shop.
that would be cool. do you drive?
i like to code, especially web design.
we love our country and people. you?
in canada. my family and i are from canada.
good, and you?
that sounds like a great job. i work in a factory.
well i work in a factory and have been there for 20 years now.
yes. i love cats. what do you do?
not anymore. i am forced to listen to college football
i do. my wife and kids are the best!
what do you do for fun?
i'm a kindergarten teacher so i'm used to this
do you have a job currently?
cats are pretty cool, what kind of car do you drive
i'm still in high school, but i teach kindergarten
they don't, that is why i move to seattle. do you have a job?
you are right. do you have a favorite cocktail?
not dying. that is my main fear.
i'd be afraid of clowns because of my experience.
i'm good. how are you? my name is larry.
i do, i also teach elementary school. i like to read.
not yet. i just turned 21.
i like to play sports. i play soccer.
i don't. but i'm a music teacher.
yeah, i am a student. do you have any hobbies?
mechanical engineering
good. listening to bach. you?
i work as a computer programmer. what do you do?
i'm sorry to hear that. i speak a lot of languages.
i love bacon. do you like to cook?
do you live in the united states? i am moving soon to canada.
i am from south carolina but now living in new york.
i speak english very good. bach is my favorite.
27. i like food. i am an engineer
pretty good just got back from my weekly workout. you?
wow that sounds like a good time.
i don't think so, because the cats like to play with my.
i'm a kindergarten teacher
i try not to think about it
i am glad you are ok. what do you do?
oh dear. what happened?
dogs are good companions, i have two cats.
hello, i'm well, how are you?
i love skateboarding!
i love skateboarding and listening to music,
my parents named me after a dog from my family, charlie, in n out.
he hates it. i am a cashier, it makes him nervous.
i don't really care for foods, especially eggplant, it is very yucky.
i do like to eat italian, i am a stock broker.
hi, i am well. i love to play softball. do you?
what book are you reading?
yes, i love to read, it is good for preparing for tournaments.
yes. i love pizza. what kind do you like?
no. i work as a teacher. what kind of work do you do?
i'm not a teacher. my mom is though.
i'm glad you think so. you can always teach, you know.
that sounds like fun, i like old school music too.
i understand, my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
oh, i see. you have kids, or pets?
i love the music i tried playing, but no one plays it anymore.
i do too, but as well as working in a barbeque grill. do you have kids
do you like to play sports?
i don't have any, but i am very fond of oldies music!
yes i'm glad to chat with you as well.
congratulations! that is great. my kids are grown. i'm in college.
yeah! i've 2 kids and i'm going to keep them close by.
10 years. i was a gym teacher.
yes, i'm married to a great man. he is a doctor.
i work nights at a gas station in town.
i love chips! i've a few. what kind of music do you like?
no, i don't have kids. i wish i did, but i am too busy with my
not really, i am more of a skateboarder kind of guy.
i am well and how are you?
i live in alabama with my little sister
well, you could be my rabbit rescue worker if you are interested
thanks. i just started singing and it is fun.
no i'm not colorblind
you should stop doing that.
she's not my sister
you are lucky i'm not her age. i am only 4
i am from new york city and i am excited about fall weather.
i love to dance, my favorite is selkies. do you like to dance?
i love going to the park and dancing. i go to the gym a lot
well we just bought a house so not sure if i want to go to halloween yet.
the clubs here are great. i just bought a house too!
i will when i get home from work tonight, after i take care of this baby.
what do you do for work?
i've never met him.
hi i am ok i just finished my daily dose of baccy
what do you do for a living
only dogs. i have a cat
i'm sorry about your bacon. do you have any children?
blue because i'm a beekeeper
blue is good but i like brown more.
i read a lot, and bach is my favorite
i've a lot of those, too. what about you?
i'm doing good. how are you?
what do you do for work?
lol, no worries! what is your favorite food?
i like to eat alot of meat. my mom is a body builder
i like the people and food there.
i am from germany, how about yourself
no i ate meat
yes, my mom is a secretary too.
hi, i'm doing pretty good. i'm just getting married.
what is your favorite game
he was a pretty cool guy
yeah, i read a lot of books. i love to read
i've a pet cat named arizona that i love.
he's eight. what about you
i just got a pet, it's a golden retriever named spook
wow that's cool i play video games a lot
hello there, how are you today?
that is nice. i am so lonely, i spend most of my time online.
oh i spend a lot of time on second life, especially when i play video games
heels are my fave. i wear them with everything.
24, but i don't have kids.
no, my mommy says i'm special.
that is great! i'm a furry so i'm used to it.
i love music! my husband cooks it for me. what about you?
i don't like the bugs either. they are scary.
i usually make tacos but lately i've been cooking paella.
i love cooking. it is my passion. what do you like to do?
that sounds fun. what do you do for fun?
my husband is a electrician. i cook for him.
what do you want to do?
sure, i have a pet cat, do you?
i am not selling anything. i just like to eat healthy.
it is very much so. do you have pets? i've two cats.
i love to play chess
i think it is a beautiful movie
i own a house and a pet sitter. what do you do for fun
those are very cute names.
wow congratulations
hey! i'm good. i was just reading a book.
cool! my parents were both firefighters
wow! i'm not even close to that many kids!
yes i'm married to a very nice guy
i hope so! thanks, you too!
yes i know, i don't know what though, maybe my boyfriend will help
i will try watching a movie tonight. what kind of movie?
oh, i'm from ohio, i love it here.
i am good. how are you?
i am a farmer in colorado.
no i don't. i've a cat and a dog.
what do you like to do for fun?
i live in ohio but i work for a watch dealer.
nice. i live in ohio. do you like to garden? i love it.
that would be a great idea. what do you like to do?
my hair is purple. how nice.
hi brianna! i am okay, just got back from playing some games with my buds on second
i play with a game called skydiving. its a survival game.
i'm not sure either but i'm pretty sure i am not a furry
wow, what a coincidence, i am in the army.
well, at least you have fun with it
i agree, it is scary.
you and me both, my little sisters are so mean.
i do like to read and play games
hi! i'm doing great. just got back from shopping!
oh wow. i live in california but i surf a lot.
i live in new jersey
i am from california but now i live in new york
i would love to visit new york
i am not violent, i'm more of a fashion model
oh wow, me too. i can only sing really good songs.
do you like to model?
hi, i'm 40. i am single and have two kids
female. i've kids too but they're too young to tell
i am glad! you are a good mom.
that is so cool! i like the art of tattooning
oh. i like the idea of a cliche but i'm not too sure
i have to take it off because i'm pregnant with my kids
you have any hobbies?
sure what else would you like to know
i love to ride my tractor and work out. what do you do?
oh dear. i'm sorry to hear that. how long has it been?
i am a forklift driver. my injuries are always freak accidents.
yeah i'm only 6'2 so it hurts alot.
i love it and i work in the warehouse, so its not easy to get hurt.
that is so cool, i love to make my own food.
what do you want to be when you retire
i love to travel. i have a big truck and i love going around the world
i am married and two kids.
i love running and love to read, especially jazz.
i am a little tired from running all day.
do you like to read?
i love roller coasters and am married.
what is tae kwan do? i am married and have 2 kids
i like to listen to classical music when i workout. i listen to it while i workout
he is, he is also a cop, very cool
good. just got done with my practice in the library.
i am studying law. do you study?
2 years. i am in law school. do you have siblings?
that is awesome! i hope you do well in school
no i don't have any siblings
i am not sure i could do shopping with a full grown man
yes i do! my parents are not supportive though.
i hope so. i am a law student, and this distraction keeps me up.
hi! i am doing well! and you?
i'm good, how are you? i work at a bar at night.
i love running, running is my passion and i want to make it big some day
single, no kids. do you like to run?
oh ok i am single too, i live alone too
oh that is sad. what is your favorite color?
that is sad. i'm only 16
i'm doing good, how about yourself
i am great! i am a little tired, but otherwise ok.
i love poetry, i am so creative!
i'm from ny. i read poetry in my spare time.
i'm not sure if you've heard, but i've a cat named spook.
oh lol. that's a good one too.
i live down the street from my work.
cool, i collect weird stickers too. what is your favorite?
i got my work in and a hat from work!
i'm disabled and am unable to work, what is your favorite color?
six?! that is a lot of places! do you travel a lot?
i'm disabled and cannot work.
i am vegan and i love hummus.
i just like to knit. and i am vegan.
i am disabled and cannot work. what do you do?
ok, how old are your kids?
what do you do for fun these days?
it is a silent game. my kids would not like you talking.
yeah, it is a bit of a gamble, especially with kids.
i see. i have to disagree, it is a very interesting job.
that sounds boring! i am glad we are on the same page!
i am very creative. i make jewelry and sell it.
thanks. it is tough being alone at 40.
i'm not a fan of sports. i am homeschooled.
robots are cool. my best friend is a robot, and he loves it
i am in california. are there robots there?
i love the ocean. i'm homeschooled.
what kind of music do you like?
i agree! i do love my gardening!
i like to go to school to become a nurse
i like water. i wish i could have it more.
good. just got back from playing video games and watching tv
i live in california but i live in florida
yeah, i like to go hiking in the spring, california weather
i like to play the violin, i am a vet.
i am a musician, so i play a lot of instruments
that sounds like fun! i read a lot of fiction too
that's a lot of places. do you travel by air?
i'm from california but i'm from florida
hi! i'm doing very well, thank you. how about yourself?
i am a music producer, how about you?
you will be a great nurse
i like to spend money on weird hats and stickers. do you collect any?
my aunt helped me to learn how to sew my own clothes. she taught me how to sew my
i'm still working on it, i just started yesterday, i'll finish in a month.
both! i read poetry and eat a lot of it. do you read poetry?
well, i love to hike in nature, and read poetry
no, i'm a real human. i love to shop and shop for clothes.
no, but i love to shop for clothes.
that's awesome! i teach my classmates. i'm an elementary school teacher.
i just graduated from college.
blue is not a bad color. i like it. do you have any hobbies?
oh okay, so you do like to shop?
i like to call her mamma.
maybe. i don't really know. i want to learn more about my body.
good, how are you doing
i love to drink tea! i have a lot of it. do you?
nope! i like to eat anything except chicken.
do you like dogs?
yup! i am from canada. what about you?
he is a golden retriever. do you have any pets?
i've a dog, her name is charlie too!
no they are in alaska. my parents live here.
i'm good. i just got back from playing football practice.
that sounds like a fun job.
that is nice. what grade are you in?
i'm a teacher, i help out at a school near my house.
nope. my dog is a sardine.
i'm from the uk. i've a souther neighbor.
yeah it does. i'm hoping to go to college. i want to be a nurse.
it is. but i'm still in high school so i have time to fix it.
yes, and i hope you find your dream home!
hi. i do. i also have 3 kids, and a great cook.
three children. and i am unhappy
my kids are a little crazy. do you like cats?
that's cool. are you fat or in shape?
i am 5 foot 10. what is your favorite food?
well i am happy to help
i like classical music a lot. what do you listen to
that is so cool. what grade are you in?
hi, i am doing well thank you.
i am not, my child is in high school
planning the wedding, what kind of wedding?
i don't sell them
yes, my son loves to play with the blocks. do you have a son?
thank you! i am home schooling my kid
i do. she likes cats a lot
i am alright, just got back from a workout. how are you?
i am good, i just got in from studying
what field
just hanging out with my friends and playing sports, you?
college student, i love music too, i also study it
that's nice to hear. what did you go to college for?
i'm sure. it will be interesting to see where you go from here
that is cool i just started a new job as a teacher
no i am not i work as a teacher i love it.
i love cooking, i also love reading. i'm a huge conservative.
i love to cook! i do a lot of reading, as a teacher as well.
good luck with that. i am a teacher, and my wife is a mom.
i am a teacher, so i don't have any children.
my kids would love to eat bread. i love to read.
i am not sure i've ever tried bread. i like to read.
hello, yes i am an avid knitter.
i have two dogs, i am hoping to get a third one when i move into my new house
it is a lot of fun. i don't have time to knit, so i knit for friends
i could probably rock that hat to you. i'm a hat maker.
that sounds fun. what kind of food?
yes. what is it?
that is great! so what is your secret?
that must be awful. i used to play a few games a day, but i'm not so
no, i quit drinking 5 years ago. i'm too busy playing with my three children and wife
no i don't like them very much, i have a wife and 3 kids though.
not really, but my wife likes them. i do.
i do have kids. and my wife and kids are the best.
i've never been. is it nice there?
no, not really. i just like playing poker.
i do, i also like playing pool. i have three kids.
i'm good. just came in from shopping. you?
just listening to some music, you?
i've never been. i'd like to one day.
i have not heard of bluegrass but i do like to skateboard and paint
i love to play video games and watch the olympics
that is really interesting. i love to eat plants and animals!
it was removed at my friends wedding last week. i'm so sad.
red, reminds me of summer time.
great, how are you? just came back from a long day at the plant.
cool... i love cooking. what else do you do?
yes i'm. it is very fulfilling.
i teach history, i've a son who is in college.
oh wow, you are very lucky!
that sounds great. i have a bunch of old school art pieces.
i'd like to take over the world.
i teach cooking classes in my spare time so itd be nice to travel to italy
hi, i am well, how are you?
nice. i've adopted a cat so i can play with him too
do you enjoy making clothes?
that is nice. i like making my own clothes.
yes, i will. thank you for that. i adopted him a week ago
i think it is okay to have a different outlook than me.
it is a great investment. i love making my own clothes, and i buy them in the most
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do?
no, but my husband could. he has a spiderman comic book.
what is a dog trainer? like a dog trainer trainer or something?
that is a good book. i also have a sci fi short story collection.
in the clouds, my favorite place. do you have any children?
i am a woman and have a boyfriend.
being a spider man
he's writing a sci fi book. i'm not really sure
i'm doing great how about you?
i am female and am a cleaner at a pet store
i am 46. how old are you?
single. i have two dogs. they're great too.
no, not at all. i am a kennel cleaner.
i build a robot to do it.
well i work with a lot of animals so you are not wrong.
i've a dog too. what is your favorite food?
i am good, how are you? what is your favorite subject?
that's so nice i share an apartment with my cats.
that is nice do you have pets?
that's okay, i teach kindergarten too.
purple. blue is the best color.
that's cool. where do you like to go?
it is nice. i've two rooms with two beds.
how are you doing today?
i'm okay, how about you?
that sounds lovely. i love spending money.
what kind of job is it?
what kind of work are you in?
that is so cool. i am a music teacher. i speak it fluently.
cuba is a beautiful place! i would love to see it one day.
i speak english, i am an engineer.
i hate it too but i am going to college for nursing.
no, i don't like them.
i don't have any animals. i do have a dog walking business though
i like to play soccer, but i am too busy being a manager. you?
are you in school? i coach at my local school
you can still do that in chicago
i work as a manager in a frozen frozen food chain
thanks! i hope to be healthy and happy, you?
i am doing very well. how are you?
yes, i am a big fan, and i am a nurse
i'm a nurse as well. what do you do?
yes. i love it. do you?
you have time to find a new job. the sooner the better!
i volunteer at a sanctuary, so i don't have to pay rent
you are right! how do they make money?
what is your favorite color? mine is green
hello i am just practicing quilts and making a list of all the animals i've seen.
that is a neat hobby!
i'm making a quilt. what & cool! i've a baby boomer fish. his
yes he served. he was inmi
i bet he will. my dad was in ww2.
do you know what your favorite color is?
i don't know exactly. but i do know he was in the military.
thank you, you are very kind.
hello. good. how are you today?
that's too bad, i am an office worker.
my favorite is red because its so vivid and reminds me of summer time.
i was on the soccer team in college and i ate all the candy!
i like dancing too! my favorite is lucy. what college team?
it sure is. i love it. do you like soccer?
that's awesome. i bet he is very fit as well.
it is a long time since i last spoke to my boyfriend.
good. just got done with my weekly workout. you?
i love to go swimming and exercise, what about you?
i'm a teacher at a local school.
i love kids too. and you?
i am 46 and i love kids. i am hoping for a kids wedding in the spring.
i am so glad i am not the only one that does that
i go to the beach and go to concerts.
no. i am a teacher, i am very busy.
i have a mustang. what is your favorite food?
& i work with children, so i need to fit into skinny jeans
i'm a teacher, so makes life so much easier.
i love it here, it has everything i love.
it is beautiful. i love to ride my bike to work.
i have a turtle and his name is shelly.
i am well. how are you?
i love the steelers. i used to play
my wife and i are going to a game, she is a steelers fan
oh no, i am not. i just graduated college so i am married.
it has, and you as well!
i studied finance
i am a grad student so i spend alot of time surfing.
oh i am sorry to hear that. my spouse left me
i am doing very well thank you. how are you?
yes i am moving to new york city next year.
yeah but i want to do it professionally
yes, i don't get to go out much.
horses? horses? i just got my new apartment and i am so excited about it.
that's why i want to move there. do you have any pets
i work for a travel company, i am moving to new york
yeah. i stay away from carbs.
hello, it is going well. how are you?
i am all about the quilts. what is your favorite color?
my favorite is to make a quilt and sew it on
oh wow, i love it when my mom does that. she had to do it too.
oatmeal is delicious. i like the stuff at the bakery
what is your favorite food? mine is granola. i love it.
what do you do for a living?
hi! i like the insane clown posse. how about you?
i like them, too! i also love the new stuff they've released lately
i don't write songs, i eat a lot of vegetables
exercise, it is a great way to burn off calories
i bet it is important to have good self control.
yeah, i also have a dog, a mutt
that is a good way to reduce stress. exercise is great for health
yeah i agree. what is your fave food?
hello. i'm retired. how are you?
i'm retired and living the great life
i'm not a big drinker either, but exercise does that.
do you like music? i do
i have a cat named ben.
i've a siamese and a black lab
it will be worth it
oh wow that is interesting, i make quilts
i'm doing great. how are you? i had a wonderful sunday.
do they play at your house?
i'm not sure what you mean
i love to explore. i live in the south so its very rainy here
nope, not a fish. i have short hair, so it is wavy
i don't know, i am not very good at swimming
i eat the food i found in the ocean.
i explore the ocean, and go to disney world. what do you do?
hello. i am a nurse, but i am going to school to become a nurse.
me too! where are you from? i am from chicago.
wow. i hope you find someone soon. i am single too.
that is nice. do they like it here?
i am going to get my education in medicine so it is great weather for it.
do you have kids? i have a couple of kids.
i am single. i am working on becoming a nurse
that is very cool. mine is in two months.
i am well. i just celebrated my birthday.
wow, i work as a stylist for a dog walking service. what do you do?
i love watching football, i love watching my favorite team. do you like football?
i am moving to ohio from germany, my favorite place to visit!
yeah, i am not sure what to do with my lol
i love watching football on tv. i love watching the cowboys.
that is too bad. i love dogs! i would love to have a dog!
that's sad. you should find a hobby or something.
that's great, do you ride competitively?
that's awesome. do you cook?
i am actually a graduate student
i live in a small town so it is not as busy as a large city
yeah i work out about three times a week.
yes. what kind of soccer?
wow, i didn't even know horses could play soccer.
sure, when can you come visit?
i am good. how are you?
it is. do you enjoy it?
walking is fun. i do like to travel to other countries.
i like to walk in the garden, it is my favorite place to do it.
i'm a teacher, i also like walking.
do you like to travel?
do you like gardening? i have a huge garden.
wow that is awesome, i am a law student studying law
i am so happy for you! do you like lawyers?
well i do hope to be a lawyer someday. what do you study in school?
i'm sure you understand. do you have siblings?
i am not related to him.
you too! i'm studying law at college.
i'm glad you understand. i do too. what are you up to today?
my name is katie. do you like country music?
what do you do for a living?
that is sad. my dad would never do that.
that's nice. i have a hat collection in my office.
i am too young to do so. i am too busy with my vegan hat
yes i play the violin, guitar, and piano in my spare time.
well, i have been retired for a years now.
good. just got done with my three children night shift.
i am sorry, how are you? i'm so sad
nice, my kids love cats, and i love my dogs.
well what do you like to do
it is very hard. do you have a job?
i like to watch my cats and work
so you are telling me that exercising every day isn't a great idea?
i've 3 children, and my husband works nights
yeah i've been working on my landscaping, and i love the beach.
well do you like the beach? i love the beach!
i've 2 dogs. my dad has a car salesman.
that is very interesting. do you have any pets?
i like swimming. i do it for the health benefits.
i'm on a diet. what is your favorite food?
i love to eat healthy too but i don't eat a lot of it, i'm on a
i like veggies and fruits. i like to make hummus.
i am doing great. just came back from a horse ride.
that is fun. i wish i was a soccer player.
my right leg, it hurts when i ride a horse
i feel your pain, my left leg is sore from riding horses all day
i do. i am a college student, not retired yet.
i've a broken leg and the pain gets worse
it was, but now i keep it to myself
that's nice, you should get to know more people
i am fine thank you. how are you?
i am a homeowner. my job is to maintain historic homes.
that is nice. i'm a homebody. i'm allergic to most things.
i understand. what do you do for a living?
my dad is a cop, he has a lot of clients.
i like to hunt shellfish, do you hunt?
i was in a factory that rent out classic cars.
well that is the truth!
i am doing great, thanks. i am still young. i want to design clothes.
i have a boyfriend, he was the one who stole my boyfriend!
i'm a fashion designer, my best friend took my boyfriends
i do. i want children but not at the same time.
no i'm from germany.
what country? my boyfriend and i are moving there next week!
money, love, and trust. i am not very bright
i am a nurse at a local hospital.
well, that's a noble cause. do
i am a practicing catholic, but i also love to watch one of the's gymnastics matches
that would be a bad idea. you should only eat kosher food.
i like purple. i work at a pediatrative hospital.
i love it! i eat it every morning before my morning alarm.
do you have a favorite color? my family loves purple, but mine loves pink.
wow, a mango. that's a lot of fruit.
i am sorry to hear that. are you going to the army?
you should tell that to my dog.
my wife was in the army, she was also a color blind.
i love music, especially country music.
i am in the army. in colorado.
thank you. i hope your marriage works out well for you.
i'm colorblind, so i see colors that i don't.
no i got locked up and my mommy didn't come to visit me
i am a kennel cleaner, it is a volunteer work
cool! what do you do there?
that is awesome. i'm in a kennel, it is nice to have company
yeah, i am always listening to my favorite band. simple plan.
i agree, i work with animals a lot, and i like to pet them
do you live on a beach or on the ocean
i'm a big fan of the crab dance
not at the moment, listening to my favourite band charlie
i do like italian food. do you have any pets?
i had a dog when i was younger, i named him charli.
cool, do you like sports? my dogs charlie and roddy
oh, well, that's nice, what kind of websites do you work on?
yes, but its very quiet. the dogs name is charlie
i like music, but sometimes i like to listen to my brothers and sisters in australia.
i like to play board games and watch movies
hi, i'm well. how are you?
i love weddings! it is one of the reasons i workout.
i love cooking and listening to music, and you?
oh. well i have one brother so it is a lot of work
no pets, my brother and i just broke up.
i will go to the gym later. i workout a lot.
my brother and i play monopoly a lot.
good. just came back from a run. you?
model. i'm a single mom.
i like models. i model for models all the time.
i live in new york. i am single so i don't have any family.
nice. i am a model so i don't have time for marriage.
i like singing too. i also like to cook
well, i don't have any hobbies. i do like to work and model.
cool. i don't want kids. i work model.
good. just got back from hiking in my honda civic
that sounds fun
yes. what do you do for a living?
that sounds like fun. i work at an accountants office.
oh that's fun. i live in ohio and i've never been there.
sure! i have extra. i like pizza.
oh i don't have many options. i live in ohio so i'm pretty limited
i'm single and my kids need a good workout
i am doing fine thank you. how are you?
i am currently a custodian but i would like to be a food court manager.
i work as a cashier at mcdonalds. and yes i am.
i think you should finish school first.
i am not sure. maybe economics. what about you?
well that is good. you should try to
i'm not much of a sci fi fan. i prefer more grounded stories.
hello, how are you doing today?
oh ok. what do you do for a living?
do you like dogs?
in a very well off area.
i run for my favorite fast food chain.
i'm scared of dying, especially in this economic time.
what do you like to do for fun?
i'm not afraid of heights. do you run?
hi there. doing fine. how are you?
i love running, i just adopted a cat recently. do you have pets?
no i don't diet, i exercise.
i do sing folk music.
no, i don't read cookbooks for diets.
i don't sing. i write songs.
that is interesting. i read a lot of folk music.
horror movies are very different, i like a good horror movie
hi, how are you doing?
oh no!! do you have a second job?
i would too, but i am a huge fan. i have a lot of them.
it is a convention for cosplayers
i love the lord of the rings! what kind of music do you like?
i think they would! what are they interested in?
yeah i like to watch shows and read books
doing fine. just finished replaying the lord of the rings.
i am a fan of the lord of the rings
yes. two of them, actually
i've two dogs and one cat. what do you do for a living?
i like all kinds of music. what about you?
do you have any favorites?
awesome. i'm just finishing up a book.
oh, i'm not a fan of star wars either.
hi. i am ok. how about you?
that's a great movie, do you like movies?
i've two jobs too. they aren't great, but they pay the bills.
i've a uncle that works at mcdonalds.
good luck with that. hope it works out for you.
yes, i live on a horse farm.
do you like your job? i'm a custodian.
i'm sure it will be okay. do you have any hobbies?
i am a dog lover, what about you?
do you like dogs? i have a black lab named trooper
cool. i live in alaska. do. do you have any animals?
i like to work out, but my brother hates it.
i am also in finance. i also like to cook.
well, i guess that's what parents are for.
my dogs name is charlie, he is a chocolate lab.
my dad makes those. he is a real hero!
hi. i am not a fan of skateboarding.
i am sorry. did your dog eat your tail?
that is awesome! i like hollister because my mom was a teacher.
yes but its fun also i am not a fan of chips
i am so glad i came out! do you like it?
oh wow, i am sorry i didn't know that. do you have a job?
that is fun i work at a supermarket
i was born with my tail so i guess that counts
oh wow! that is impressive!
i think that would look really cool, i'm looking forward to that
i love the color orange. my aunt had it.
i've never been. i will have to check it out.
that is a lot of exercise. i love playing music in my garage!
i don't know about that. maybe someone will ask.
what are you going to do
hi i'm an actor and i hate cats. do you like cats?
me too! i hate cats, i am scared of clowns!
no, i think middle school is the pits!
thank you. i really hope you do get it!
i have a pink floyd t shirt, i wear it at school.
i sing and play the piano. do you like music?
no i am not single, but do like to dance.
i'm doing great. how are you?
i've kids too. i'm expecting twins in two months!
wow that is a lot of kids.
well i did go to missouri but i prefer home grown now
well i am sure you are a good husband and wife.
that's pretty old. how much longer till death do you think it will take?
do you like animals? i have 2 children.
that's cool. i just moved to this country from germany so we don't have any
good. i am eating bacon.
i work as an engineer. i am also an omnivore.
i am an engineer. what do you do?
i do. i like bach.
where do you live? i'm from chicago.
i like anything bach. my favorite is probably the heinz ketchup.
yes. and i love cooking too. i love cooking.
i play a lot of instruments. how about you?
i've two roommates. i teach kindergarten and they're awesome
i'm a kindergarten teacher, but i'm getting married soon.
i just moved to seattle from chicago.
i've lived here for 2 years now and i love it.
because my mom passed away when i was young, and i have 2 older brothers and i live with
i don't know. maybe i should find a better one.
no, i did not. what about you?
i'm doing good. i am listening to music. how about you?
that is great! i am an interesting person.
that is a lot of work.
i love spider man! he!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my husband is a doctor and do you like animals?
you sound like my husband,
no i haven't been since my divorce
what happened?
pretty good. i was just practicing my gardening skills. how about you?
rabbits are great. do you have any pets?
no, that is different. do you teach biology at college?
i like to eat fresh.
my husband would like that, he's a farmer too
i love hummus, especially with black olives
i am sorry to hear that. i like to travel.
maybe. maybe it will turn out well.
hi, jefferson here. i am a vet. what do you do?
my name is jordan. i'm a veterinarian.
that is very. i hope it is as rewarding as it sounds.
cool. i play video games all weekend.
well that is good! i am a vet, so i love animals animals.
yummy, i do like watching tv shows
i do, and i love reading. what do you read?
i play a bit of everything. what is florida your favorite music?
oh okay. do you have any pet names?
oh that is great, what kind of bacon are you cooking?
eating some bacon and watching a movie
that is funny, because i speak english too.
oh i bet, i like to eat chocolate candy
a long time ago i worked in a nursing home and there was blood everywhere.
he was a good man
yes, i'm on the outside looking in.
i am doing well. how are you?
just got done with my manicure!
i am just finishing my nails too, i'm going to have them done tonight.
i'm sure. what kind of sci fi do you like?
cool. i like to read. i love books.
oh, i see. you like cars?
nope, i don't have any. i love horses.
yes. my father has a car salesman
i do. i've a pet turtle.
yes! i've a couple of dogs myself
that is understandable. i've a job as a nurse too, though.
what do you do for a living?
i think so. are you married?
well i do like to ride my bike to and from work
yes i have. i've read the books as well
do you have any pets?
hi, i am doing great! how are you?
congratulations! i am happy for you.
i do too i love taking my dog to the club
yes sports are fun. i like dancing but i am not very good at it.
i watch a lot of american sports as well, but i'm a soccer fan too
i am looking to open a dog school
i like to go to the club when i get the time, but i also go to the dog
oh that is a good idea i love to club
hi i'm well. just binge watching the lord of the rings.
do you like to read
yeah. my job is part time so i get paid the same amount as a soldier
i like to read, i've been reading for a years now.
yeah i like to write them.
oh, cool! i am sure there are plenty more.
i am a bit of a dog person myself. i am a war vet.
i've a big library of books. do you have room for more?
no, but i am a red cross volunteer. it is nice to meet you!
that's great, i like to travel, i volunteer in a few zoos.
i volunteer at the local zoo. what is your favorite color?
oh really? why are you so against them spending it
that's awesome. do you have any favorites?
i love to travel. i volunteer at a zoo with the local red cross.
thank you for understanding!
i'm a mechanical engineer. what about you?
i am also a model. what about you?
that sounds like a lot of fun. i love watching movies, too.
you are lucky, i love to model cars and my hobbies are watching movies and eating.
that is nice! i love a golden retriever named ginger!
i'm a model fan as well. i've one myself. what is your favorite movie?
yes. i was also taught about the life of christopher columbus.
i did. in germany.
hi! i am good. i just had some dog.
i'm 46, and i love cheeseburgers. what about you?
that sounds fun. i'm not into cosplay, but i love to knit.
my hair is blonde. it is red in real life. do you have any pets?
i am from new york city.
that is good, i wish i could eat that much cheese pizza!
i don't have a lot of friends. do you have any?
my name is charlie. do you like football?
i love football sunday is my favorite!
me too! i love pizza and mexican food
i have a pit bull and a lab
i'm not sure, but i bet they're cute. i like cheese pizza too.
my dogs are named joy and jolly. i love them!
i don't like it either, but i love dogs, so it is okay with me.
i like to watch scary movies on tv, but i'm scared of dogs.
i am fine. how are you doing today?
what do you like to do for fun?
i that's so cute! i'm so lonely! i live under the sea.
i am a fish, i live in the water. my favorite place. do you like fish.
oh okay. so you are a girl too?
i am doing great. just came back from school.
i love kids. i've them for dinner. what do you do?
i am doing very searches in the local library, i like reading books and exploring new places.
hello, lucy! how are you doing today?
hi, i am a college graduate. i am working on getting my finance degree.
i'm a college grad so i don't work. i volunteer a lot.
that is funny, i used to play soccer in high school.
well at least you have your priorities straight.
i love sports too, i play all sorts of sports.
they are. they're very smart and love the tv.
i have a black lab and a blue cat
i am doing great. i just got done watching soccer.
i like soccer. i play it in the moonlight during spring.
what was your favorite sport? i like soccer.
do you like sports?
oh that is nice, my fianc is from somalia.
do you live somewhere cold?
my family is diverse. we even have christian jews
i'm married and i love sports, i play soccer professionally
just resting, taking a break from studying. i am in college.
that sounds like an exciting couple
thank you so much. i love teaching. i am just learning jiu jitsu.
i teach kindergarten, and i drive a mustang. i like driving mustangs.
i am a huge fan of any music genre.
i like to run to relieve stress. it helps me.
it is quite difficult to pull off. i am a new teacher and have been practicing for years.
yes. i don't drink, and i eat well.
great just got done playing my computer game
i work as a computer programmer and i love it
nice i am a programmer
i'm with my mom on this one
cool. my mom is a doctor, she's a doctor
that is awesome! what sport?
i am trying to make it big in the industry
you are lucky, my mother hates my sci degree.
i am on a team that won a gold medal in the olympics.
that is cool. i've never been to italy
that sounds like fun. what is your favorite food?
that's great. i do love my country
roller coasters are a good way to pass the time. do you have kids
that is fine. i am in the army.
very nice. do you get to play a lot of softball? i don't.
i have never been on one. what is your favorite food?
hi, i am well. i just came back from school.
oh okay. i'm not much of a fan of dogs.
i like the stuff that is popular in the us.
oh that is good. i like pizza, it is my favorite food.
i have to go to school now. i am 5 feet tall so it is hard to eat
i am a musician and have been for 10 years.
i'm not very hungry. i might eat the twins
my parents were both very fit. i was a gym teacher growing up
i am the lead singer of the band.
hi, my favorite band is rascal flats, we sing about gambling.
wow, sounds exciting. i never finished high school, what do you do for a living?
do you have a job?
i don't like to eat meat because i have 3 sisters
i like to eat healthy, but i don't follow veganism.
i will definitely try that!
you are a lucky man
i love to cook paella. do you?
what kind of music do you like?
a girl with short hair and blue eyes. what is your favorite food?
i am an engineer, do you speak english?
i don't work, i just eat bacon and watch britney spears eat.
i have one cat and one dog, britney spears.
yes. i have seen insects before. i am not afraid of anything.
i love bacon!!! i don't like insects.
i'm good how are you?
my mom and dad are farmers, they are very traditional
my dad used to scare me when i was a kid.
yeah. the horror movies here are my favorites.
i am sorry to hear that. what happened
i was a student at usc too
you are brave for a kid.
yes and my husband and dad are farmers
hello ralph. do you like britney spears? i have an allergy to her.
i do! i'm a dog groom enthusiast. what do you do?
i love to collect antiques. do you?
i'm single as well. my ex cheated and left me.
yeah. i have an allergic reaction to them.
oh i see how many kids do you have?
i am sure it will work it is worth it. you should try it, its fun!
yes. i have grown up a lot since then.
hello, i'm good! i just finished watching the latest season of the walking dead. you?
i don't drink, i only drink wine
oh, i see. i don't drink or smoke.
well, i do like to read. i am working on a book.
yes. i like to watch movies, and read books. do you like to read?
that is a good cause. my favorite color is purple.
no. maybe i should! do you have any pets?
i'm doing well, just finished grading my assignments for the week
law school? i thought it was just business?
two years now. i'm a teacher
that is a very interesting line of work. i'm going into teaching.
i like to travel and learn new languages. what about you?
i love to see new places, like new york.
that's cool. i have 2 cats.
hi. i'm doing good. how are you?
no, i'm not familiar with them. what about you?
i'm studying to be a veterinarian now.
i have two dogs. do you have any pets?
do you have any pets?
i love animals! i have a golden retriever named ginger, who's a model!
thank you so much. i'm so proud of you
well you can always come visit when you are ready!
i do but i am lazy. i like to walk
you would not survive in the
i am not a, just a fisherman and a loner, what about you?
they i'm not sure i understand what you mean.
i am an arctic explorer, i know where to look.
i great! what did you teach? i teach arctic exploring.
a mixture of slime and snow.
i'm good i keep it to myself i'm hoping to be retired soon
no, i am retired, but i keep to myself instead of speaking
wow, i wish i had a spouse.
how interesting. my left leg is sore from riding horses.
mechanical engineering
i am retired and want to live in the city. do you like it?
computer science is very different from what i do.
about three feet long
that is very sad. sorry to hear that. i am glad your divorce is over
no i'm not married. i am a kid though.
i don't have pets. i prefer tea. what kind do you like?
jessie! do you like country music? i like rocky horror the movie.
no, not at all. i am a very restless eater.
no. i like to listen to country music.
no, we aren't planning to have any. i want to be a stay at home parent.
that's cool. i like the idea of singing in the shower. i'll look into it.
hi, i'm doing great! how are you?
oh wow, i love cats but i never knew that
yes they are. i adopted a kitten a few months ago.
cool i adopted a cat recently
i am a singer myself so it is good to have in the back of mind.
i adopted a cat recently, so i think it is good advice
yeah that is why i try to help others
that sounds really interesting. i wish i could do that but i'm not very good at it.
that is a very good goal.
i work at a bar so i get to watch a lot of tv
sports are okay, i guess. i like to go to the gym.
yes, sometimes. we go to the gym at the hospital.
that is nice. where do you live? i'm from ohio.
i like to read a lot. i am single too.
i really like the hunger games. i have a children and am single.
i am single and i am happy being alone
hello, i am well and how are you today
i am, actually. a sci fi book
what kind of books do you like to read?
oh wow. that's really interesting.
thank you. they were both very kind.
i graduated from a school of finance and economics
thank you. what did you do after you finished school?
i am retired and i live in ohio. where are you from?
that sounds very relaxing.
i have a cat named susie. do you have any pets?
i've one too. her name is charlie. she is a black lab.
not really, i don't listen to music much anymore.
my cat would never annoy me. he's too busy playing with his quilts!
i've 2 kids, both of whom love cats.
that is sad. what do you do for a living?
i went to college to become an artist, i am five foot tall
i am a custodian. my parents are constantly on my back.
i've never been to nyc but i have been to philadelphia.
that is awesome. i wish i could do that but my dad keeps trying to take away my artistic
i've visited a few, i am more into photography.
i like doing disneyland, i have been to every park in florida.
that is awesome. i like to make animals and stuff.
hello, i'm doing pretty well, thank you. you?
that sounds very nice what type of work do you do?
that is great. what do you do for a living?
my kids are great too, i am expecting twins in a month.
i grew up in the industry. i have 7 children.
i do, i have 7 children, i love them.
no i don't have pets i have a large farm. do you have kids?
that's awesome. what do you do for a living?
hi joan. i'm doing well, and you?
i am currently in college studying language
i am a professional singer as well. i just love to read.
i'm from ny i'm so glad you like pizza do you have siblings?
i love horror movies. i also like to read. i love pizza as well.
i bet! i have a stutter.
i've to admit, pizza is pretty good right now.
i'm sorry about that!
great, i just got back from a walk with my three cats. you?
i live near the mountains where are you from
i am a fan of the cold, and i love being close to the mountains.
that is sad. i am sorry. my parents were both teachers.
wow, i love animals. i've a pet turtle.
what grade are you in? i am in high school
they're too busy making me do all those weird poses
i don't know. maybe they think i am a bad person.
good. i just got home from a long day of traveling.
i'm eating a sandwich and watching a comedy. you?
i work in ad. it pays well but also has its ups and downs.
i love kids! do you volunteer at the hospital?
i like pizza. i am off to go watch tv.
oh wow that's a lot of kids.
i work in the insurance business, but my wife is a nurse.
i am married to a doctor. she's a dentist. she is very nice.
hi. i just wanted some breakfast. what do you do for a living?
i'm just a kid so it is hard to know.
that is cool. i want children someday so i need to eat more
i want to design clothing for kids so they can have a sense of self confidence.
no, i've to look out for myself now that i'm in jail
thank you! do you like fashion?
wow, that's impressive! you must be fit.
i see, my parents were always gone when i was working in the medical field
i am good, how are you doing?
it is a service for recovering ex jews.
i'm. i'm not allowed to eat sweets because i am a jew.
i cannot. my parents are not allowing me to.
i speak a mixture of languages. but i am fluent in english.
that's great. i am jewish, i don't eat sweets.
i am jewish. i don't like the office.
it is on tv here in new york
i am married and i love kids
i work out four hours a day, mostly at the pool.
wow. that's exciting. i wish i was in a better position to have kids
that sounds really interesting. i love to work out.
yes it is, i love to swim, my husband and i do too!
i have three children and love them very much.
you should! the ocean is beautiful.
i am a teacher and we love to pool. do you like sports?
i am so sorry. do you like dogs?
i am mixed race and i love taylor swift! do you dance?
my dog will chase the dirt!
what do you want to study in college?
not really about myself. about my family and friends.
cool. i have a dog named bob, do you have any pets?
my dog, ralph, passed away a while ago.
i love to dance and sing. my kids are all girls
i grew up in the south. i was raised in a single parent household
oh, wow! i am in new jersey, i love the cold.
no, i'm more of a gamer. i play starcraft on my computer!
yeah, that's true, i am trying to be positive.
i am expecting twins in two months. i cannot wait!
it is hard work. i am sure they will be supportive!
yes i've a dog she's a model and she's my favorite
my cat is also named after my favorite singer.
i don't. i work model so i like to look good.
wow. how long have you been model?
that sounds interesting. i hope it is successful.
yes. i sing for free on youtube. i don't work
i don't know, i don't want to say.
hello. i am from cali. what about you?
i've a dog, his name is sam.
yeah, he does, i love him too.
i'm also a musician, and i love music.
that sounds like a good job. i'm actually from california but i live in
what is your favorite show?
i'm not sure if you are joking or not. i am a musician and love playing video games
great! i'm relaxing in my catnip filled home
i am sorry to hear that. i love cats.
cool! my cats are pretty cool...
i am, but i'm an atheist so i don't believe in god.
i write about animals. do you like animals?
how sad. i'm sorry. what is your secret?
i am a female.... i have a pet cat.
great i'm afraid of dogs
i'm afraid of dogs because i've a fear of heights
that's cool i like to read as well
do you have any pets?
cool what kind of stuff do you like to write
oh no. my husband is a cop, he tries to save me
i am sorry to hear that
i like them but sometimes i like to drink scotch to relax
hi. i'm doing well. how are you?
i have 2 dogs and a cat
i do. i also like collecting old antiques from various sources.
what is your favorite food? mine is papaya.
i do that, too. it helps with my deafness.
wow! i bet you must be fit!
i try to stay fit and trim.
yeah. do you have any hobbies?
i am fine and how are you today?
i'm sixteen. i am going to college to become a bio major.
biology and chemistry. i want to be a chemist.
i like dogs too. i've one.
that is very! i want to be a veterinarian too!
i don't! i like dancing and reading though!
yes, it is good to learn from the best!
i'm great! how are you?
i make great pulled pork, chili, and ribs for my family. what about you?
do you go to church? i go to mass every week.
i have a thing for vintage cars and watches.
i hope so. i am big and i love to lift weights!
law school is hard work, lots of hard work.
i have a daughter. she's in high school. she's a gym teacher.
good, just relaxing. i am in my late fifties
yes, i'm a jewish woman. i hope to run a k.
i like the office. i also like listening to oldies music. what is your favorite?
i like classical music, like taylor swift.
i live in new york. i love to play tennis. do you?
i do. do you like the beach? i love the beach.
i love to run. i just like to play with my dolls.
i'm also an assistant to the board member.
sure! what kind of paint?
i don't like cats. my dad hates them
he is. my mom is very traditional. she wants me to marry her.
well that's good. i'm sure you would enjoy it. do you have any pets?
that would be nice. i'd like that very much.
do you have any pets? i have two cats.
that is a wonderful idea. do you have any favorite bands?
i would do that. do you have a favorite band?
i am good, how about yourself?
my favorite hobby is listening to the office
i'm from new york, i was born and raised there.
i don't eat sweet things. i am more of a soda fan. do you drink soda?
i don't eat much, but i've a big library at home.
i like the taste. i don't like eating them.
do you like to play the violin?
no, but i've never had them before.
hello. i'm a young mixed race girl from somalia.
nice! i have a dog
i have 2 dogs and a cat. i love them both. what is your favorite color?
they sure can. i wish i could give you more than one.
well barry manilas song is a popular one i do it
i love travis scott, he is my favorite and his new single is amazing
that is a very interesting thought.
hi. sure! i am just watching a movie.
that sounds like fun, i love watching movies.
what do you like to do in your spare time?
yes i do like dogs. what kind of movies do you watch?
do you like dogs?
do you have a job?
well, i do love dogs but my husband and i don't care for dogs
hello, i am doing great, thank you. how are you?
i am currently a hairstylist, what are you studying?
i'm not into the whole hair thing. i like to eat granola.
i've a pet fish. he's my everything.
i have two sons, they love italian food, and i eat it for breakfast.
i have two kids. both girls. i love them.
i am 46. how about you?
i am well. how are you?
oh no! i've been through a lot in my life. how are you today?
yeah it was a crazy night. i'm 6 foot and 320 pounds
i love making bbq. do you grill outdoors?
i like working out. do you?
i have one, i just use it to get around.
i have never been to a party where people didn't have a ladder.
i like people who are open minded about things.
good. just came back from a walk with my dog.
that sounds delicious. i don't like eggplant, but love the smell.
he is a retired cop, he keeps to himself.
my parents drive mustangs. i am hoping to work from home one day
i bet you could still drive a ford.
that must have been hard.
i bet. my brothers and sisters are always hunting.
i'm a teacher. what about you?
maybe you should learn some martial arts
no i'm not, i am just a kid who loves food and singing, you?
you are in luck. i teach softball at the local church.
i am a huge trump supporter. do you like trump?
yes. i have not spoken in three months. what is your name
i can make spaghetti, garlic bread, tofu and tofu salad.
lol i eat it as a kid, i had to learn.
i am great. how are you?
do you like to read?
i've a big family. we are from india.
yes. i have tons of it. and my dogs love it.
what do you teach? i teach high school biology.
i don't know much about computers. what is it?
how long have you had him?
that is a good hobby. i love traveling.
hi, i am doing pretty well. how are you?
i am a teacher in my spare time.
i do. i also like to sketch, i love doing that.
that sounds very interesting. i would like to learn how to do that someday.
i love music! i have a bunch of stickers for my cars
i've a dog, he's yummy too. what kind of dog do you have?
i have been trying all types of stickers all week and nothing
for a few years. we've been together for 15 years
hello, how are you?
my tail, wavy hair, and a blue sweater
hello, my name is taylor swift and i love eating hamb
i am 35, do you i still go to school?
you sound very confused. you should relax.
that sounds interesting. do you enjoy it?
you should come visit us sometime. i have plenty of fish and chips to eat.
i like to relax by playing in the ocean.
good. i'm going to be a senior in high school
no, i am only 17.
i understand. are you married?
that is nice are you married?
you sound like a nice person. i wish i was.
i was born at night, in my first grade class
i am also a junior in high school. do you have siblings?
17, i want to be a doctor like my older brother
i'm a meat eater, but i love hiking and camping!
great! i just got back from walking my dog!
well i'm retired so i don't have to work anymore!
yes, he's retired and i'm just like him.
yes. my father used to be a vet. he passed away a long time ago.
no. i'm retired so i don't care.
i live in alabama. i love the outdoors.
you are so right! where do you hike?
i just finished a set of trabajo heels
i am good i like to workout and compete
no, it is not cheese. i like my body builders skinny.
i am from new jersey i grew up there
i live in arizona but i like to travel a lot
i have a sister, i think she's a body builder
that is nice. i am only 19 and i want to live forever.
yes i am
where do you live now?
the weather is great. i am expecting twins in two months!
i love my first and only golden retriever. named ginger.
no, i am more into cars. what do you drive?
about 1000 a month. what do you do?
it is rude because you are expecting someone to spend all that money.
i like it too. what kind of cars do you have?
do you like to model cars?
i'm good, you? i am very conservative with my spending.
i'm very glad you are helping.
do you have any pets? i've a dog. he is a golden retriever
i work in a ford pickup so i get to spend time with my family
we are close. my parents are very wealthy bankers.
that would be great. i am a very simple person. i like simple things
it does but my family does not support my lifestyle
i like to go to church on the weekend, but i don't like people walking up behind me
yes, yes he is. do you have any hobbies?
oh, i like to read as well. i just don't have time to read when i go
i like to cook but i am not very good at it.
hi there. i am doing well. i just got back from a walk with my family.
that's a lot of hard work.
that is awesome! i like shellfish. i've two older siblings.
my sibling used to make them and sell them.
you have an ear condition? mine is from eating a raw diet.
yeah i know. i was listening to music and the patient started screaming
i'm not a professional but i do some freelance work.
hello how are you today?
do you work at mcdonalds or something
what is the alternative?
oh my. sorry to hear that.
that's very kind of you.
oh no. i'm just trying to get by.
i hear ya. my aunt helped me escape when i was of.
good! just got back from my law school class.
i wish i was your age. i'm a junior in high school.
well, she did try and pick up my middle school friends.
oh ok. i want to be a lawyer too.
that is the way to do it. i'm working on my law degree.
that's very creative, do you have a library nearby?
i just want to be successful so i can afford music gear.
5 9. i'm in college studying law, do you have siblings?
i am good. i just got back from a run.
i agree, and now i just have to wait for my midterms
it is actually, but its much much more fun on the move.
it is a great stress reliever. do you like sports?
yeah you can find me in the crowd at the casino
i live in florida, where do you live?
winter, it is my favorite season. what do you do for fun?
hi jordan, i'm good. i just got back from work.
hi joe here. my parents were both farmers and i love the farm life.
i enjoy working out too. i was a pole dancer for a long time.
i am a musician and i love music. i play bluegrass, the genre that you like
a long one. it was really long and long.
wow! that's crazy. my parents were both doctors.
oh okay that's cool, what do you do for a living?
i was forced into marriage when i was a. i was born with a tail.
hi i am good i just got my nails done
nice, my dad has a car salesman, i love the company
i like to look at my nails and sing about horses.
cool i like music too. what is your favorite food
yes, i got my first car free when i was 16
yeah i like most of them. do you?
cool. i live in a house in florida with my husband.
i don't understand
i am from the us. do you like rap music?
puerto rico? i am from the city, i live in the country now.
south carolina. i work out of my dads shop.
cool. i like working out, and eating good food.
i'm from michigan. i grew up there.
i'm from the midwest but i work in the south.
i was in the army since i was five, i'm thirty now.
i like rap music.
i'm good. i just finished writing a sci fi book. you?
just got done writing a book on the history of man.
i have written a sci fi book
yes, and you?
i love sci fi, i have a book coming out in the spring
yeah, i'm a bit scared of them, do you have kids?
i am from chicago
do you like to hike too?
hi. my dog is a mutt. do you have any pets?
nice, i am watching football sunday.
my father does that. he is a retired gym teacher
that's so sweet of you. i love animals, my family does as well.
i'm a dog person myself, and you?
i am a country music singer. i don't like the lions. do you?
not so happy. i'm getting married next year and my boyfriend cheated and left me.
no i don't. it is all relative.
i am a teacher
do you work? i work with my golden retriever.
i'm a teacher, it pays the bills. do you have kids?
do you have any pets? i have a dog, he's a big goof.
that's cool i love watching the movie titanic 10 times
oh ok, well i have seen the movie and ten times.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you like your new husband and his cow?
sorry to hear that. have you seen the movie?
i work at a library. i am only five feet tall and can read a book.
that is a good job! i'm a music teacher myself
i have 4 siblings and 2 older sisters.
oh i play video games, and you?
that sounds interesting. i like music too
i am so small, that i am, like, 5 stories high.
yeah, it is. my family doesn't support me
rock, especially country. how about you?
i am very well. how are you?
that is a cute name. i'm sure she will like it here.
that's sad, what happened?
that is nice, i'm on a small island in new york.
no i'm not a big fan of dancing. i am more of a star wars fan.
that's okay. i'm a baby boomer, and i love it.
that is the spirit. i am proud to be an american.
oh my gosh! my favorite character is roland.
i'm doing well thank you. how about you?
yes i understand
i have been married 4 times, and my husband cheated 4 times.
that sounds really complicated, i'm not a smart person
what do you want to be when you grow up
no. i have no idea what that is
you are a good person. do you have a favorite band?
hi john. i have 3 children and a great grand child
no i don't care for animals
that's adorable. i have 2 dogs and a cat
yes. my dogs and i train them
i work at a convenience store, i love to shop.
do you work now?
i understand. i've two dogs, one cat and one human.
i love it. do you have any pets?
hi there. how are you today?
i just started playing, so i am still learning, but it is fun!
that's so cute. i love to run to help myself. i do the same thing.
i don't have joints, but i do have muscle relaxers.
i'm 24 and i can still run circles around you, kid!
i am a huge fan. he has been in my household for 25 years.
i am a little nervous about that. i don't know what i would do without my kids.
yes i've run a couple of times.
hi josh, i am from ohio and i love law school
no i don't. my parents were both in.
i love to sing karok. do you sing?
i love hiking and sing folk songs while i do it.
no, i'm more red with a bit of blue in it.
it makes your eyes easier to see things. i am colorblind, so it is very helpful.
it is. i love it. do you have a favorite color?
that's awesome. i hope you succeed in your future endeavors.
i'm doing pretty good today, how about you?
i am in marketing, i love traveling
that is a lot of years!
i am from new jersey. i grew up there. i met my best friend there.
yes i am sure there are. what did you study?
i like to travel.
i don't cook or read. i'm more of a kayaker.
wow, you have family that are christian. that is very diverse.
it is going well how about yourself?
what do you do for work?
i like to be a chef, i like cooking.
sorry to hear that, my dogs would like to chase after you!
i don't shave, i go for the full shave every 3 months
i like cooking and like dogs
what is your favorite book or movie
that sounds really interesting, i hope you succeed
what kind of foods do you enjoy? i am a big fan of hummus
oh ok. what do you want to be when you grow up?
that is interesting. what do you grow
they don't know i've a volkswagen but they don't know i'm in high school
well i do enjoy shopping
do you have a job?
nice! do you own any cars?
no it is going to be a summer school thing.
i'm a carpenter. my wife and kids would love to have me play
wow. sounds like you could use a hobby.
yeah, but i like to gamble, i have over 3 mil.
i'd love to play poker with my kids
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a dog?
well, i don't eat meat anymore either. my wife and kids are great.
that's cool. i like to play monopoly with my friends
where are you from? i am from chicago.
oh, i am doing well, just watched a football game. how are you?
how long are they there?
i have a dog. do you have any pets?
you have three dogs?
i am thinking about the art school i want to go to.
just watching football sunday. and you?
i love tnt but not on a saturday. do you like tnt?
it is a team sport. the players are human.
i love to travel to the country side. i have a pet cow.
i'm in the uk. what about you?
oh they are very precious to me.
that is good too. i am in the hospital with a heart condition.
it is a nice food. what is your favorite type of music?
i've a hat for my dog, do you have a hat for your dog?
i like to make chocolate covered truffles.
i've seen those. i really enjoy them.
i am good. how about you?
i am retired, and am looking forward to retirement.
that is funny. my mom is an administrative assistant and she makes bank.
yeah, i can see it happening.
no. in florida. where abouts are you?
yeah it is great. i really enjoy trying new restaurants.
that is awesome. i love fashion. i'm looking forward to retiring in 5 years.
i am doing great. how are you?
i am a male who was forced to marry when i was a child
nothing. i volunteer in a homeless shelter
i get to read a lot of poetry, and play a lot of games
yes, internet is very good for chatting. i like to play roleplaying games on it.
i don't like the military so i am enlisting now
i do agree, i am a violent person though.
yes, when i was 16.
i'm well. how are you?
i live in ohio and love to go to cali.
not too much, i live with my parents.
what kind of music do you like?
do you like music? i play music at concerts.
i have two older sisters that are great too
i don't understand
i was just making a reference to something i saw once on tv
good, just got back from a long day at work. you?
what is that suppose to mean?
i work at home with my husband, his business.
what is wrong? i do cook for myself
i am a dad of 3. what do you do?
do you like cooking?
i'm going to cook a lot of meals, and i am a mother of three.
i understand that. i have never been a doctor, but people say they help.
i am doing well. i have a cat and a dog.
i am from new york. what about yourself?
nice, where are you moving to?
what do you want to do in nyc?
i like skateboarding too. my brother got married and named their kid after me.
do you play games? i do board games.
maybe one day. i don't think i'll ever be able to sing that well again.
i think you should. the gospel music is very uplifting.
i'm great how are you today?
i'm retired and i like to keep to myself.
what do you do? i ride horses for fun.
i m a custodian for now.
no. i do have a leg that hurts from work though.
horses are a great source of energy. my left leg hurts a lot.
oh no, i understand that. what did you do?
i do have short hair. it is so much fun.
hi! i'm ok, but my parents were always gone.
that is a good business model. i used to be a designer.
cool! my parents were always behind me when i wanted to pursue my dreams as a designer.
i want kids so i can be a fashion designer.
what kind of job are you looking for?
i wish my parents were here when i was growing up!
i want to be famous like them and have rich parents who look after me
hello, doing well. how are you?
i am very well. how about you? i am moving to new york city.
i model, i am moving to new york to work.
what kind of sports do you play?
i don't think i will. i love the city.
i am moving from california, i am moving to new york city
i don't have any pets, i work in the city and am moving next year.
i am happy that i am doing well, and how are you?
yes. i've 5 children, and i love them.
three children? are they all male or female?
i like to eat pizza. do you have any kids?
it is a lot of hard work. i'm so sorry about that.
no, i've never sung. my family and i eat out when we are out.
yes! and you sing? i am unhappy with my life.
oh yeah, i have a cat. what about you?
i'm retired now. i like to walk a lot!
i work in insurance, what do you do?
what does that mean? are you rich?
it is so easy, i am retired and living the great life
that is cool, i have a cat that eats red meat too.
it is very good for you. i don't have any pets myself.
what is it? i just retired.
hi i like music, and you?
sounds fun, i wish i was cool enough to do that. i'm a singer
nope, i left when i was 13 to pursue my music career
it is. i adopted it when i was little.
i like music i sing folk songs about dying animals
you should, i was a vet too, what do you do for fun?
i am not good at reading, write in english
i like to sing folk songs from the frozen movies
hello, doing well. i'm well.
oh that's okay. i love chicken. do you have any pets?
no. i don't. i workout a lot. i go to the gym all the time.
i don't. i eat a lot of meat. and i play sports like football.
do you like to travel? i'm a doctor.
yes i am a doctor.
i love her. he is the reason i workout.
i'm a physical therapist. how about you?
it is nice. just got back from the gym. you?
that's great! are you married?
i wish i could, but my brother is in the army and he orders the trucks.
my husband and i are moving back to wisconsin. we are going to a country club.
i like to cook but my brother would not let me.
my favorite artist is metallica. what about you?
definitely! i like the way they move, especially the double kick.
yes, they are great! i grew up listening to them.
i am great, just got done taking my dog for a walk.
oh. i live in a big city so i stay away from the beach
i'm not much into sports, i just like to dance.
cool! i don't own a car. i am a dog walker.
i am sorry, i just had to run to get some ice cream.
i am sure you will change that. do you like dogs?
that is cool! do you own a dog?
well, i'm an instructor and teach people how to dance.
i'm doing well and how are you?
that is an ambitious dream. my family is so rich they have a beach front property
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope things get better for you.
that is fun! i like to sew
i am retired from banking and i am now living the great life
do you have hobbies? i sew and i like to walk.
that is sad, do you have any other hobbies?
pretty good, and you?
i play bluegrass music. how about you?
what are you going to school for?
i have a big family and am expecting twins in two months!
it is definitely worth it. and i love the kids.
thank you! i am just a student trying to make it as far as i can.
what kind of church do you go to?
i love to skateboard, and work out. do you like sports?
yes, i've done it many times.
i love hiking and the falls are my favorite.
i love rap, and some of them are my favorite. do you like to ride bikes?
i wish i was. i'm a student. i just like playing basketball.
do you like to play with your dolls?
well, it is cali. it is full of robots
i want to work from home. my parents were teachers.
yes it is. i am homecoming queen this year. i love it here.
just looking at houses and eating some food.
i don't. i don't have any.
i have two of them, they are great.
oh wow. i'm not short at all. do you have any hobbies?
i am not vegan. i eat meat. what is wrong with me?
that's not vegan! i eat meat, i don't eat animals!
my husband makes me some salad for my wedding, i love it.
sure, but i am allergic to electricity.
hey! doing great, you?
not so bad. my mustache keeps me cool, though.
i keep to myself most of the time since i'm retired.
i keep to myself most of the time, i have to keep to myself for safety reasons
i'm a retired farmer
i want to be a physical therapist, and have my own horses
do you like horses?
hello! i am doing well. how are you?
are you catholic
my sister does not like her boyfriend
yeah i am studying to be a lawyer
wow that is cool that you work so late
i try. what do you do in school
i love my dog max, i have a lab named spook
my dogs name max and my kids names sophie. you like dogs or cats?
i am alright. just playing some video games. you?
frisbee is fun! i play softball, but i also love sports.
do you like music? i love rap.
i love sports and am going to college.
do you like music? i'm currently a college student
oh i get it. what college are you in?
nope. just me and my friends. what about you?
are you in college? because i am.
i am fine. just came back from playing on second life.
i love to gamble. i've never had a serious larp.
my family and i are from texas. we moved here from canada when i was three.
i watch a lot of tv shows on my second life, mainly scrubs.
i have a cat named dixie who is my everything.
he loves to curl up in the tub with me and cry.
i do, but not as much as i used to. i live in a small town now.
i'm fine. how about you?
oh i make paella, it is a paella stew with garlic bread
you have time. you will make it back on the streets.
oh that is funny. are you going to celebrate halloween?
well that is nice. my mom is a dentist so i love her
yes that is the best way to do it.
that's nice, do you have any favorite movies
i love cooking for my friends
hey, i'm kate here. how are you?
what is your favorite sport?
you are a person of true faith. i like that
do you like to sing? i sing in choir sometimes
a game where you play against your friends
it is like a chess but you can move pieces
i use my kw jayce
do you like italian food? i do.
i am a single mom, and i'm an accountant. i have 2 boys, both under 5
no i don't play, i am a accountant. do you like the color blue?
that's exciting. i am single with two kids.
yes! i do. i also like to take walks.
cool. do you have any hobbies? i like to play outside and explore the city.
i am a blonde with light blue eyes. what color hair do you have?
yes i was homeschooled. i am single dad and work as an accountant.
no i've not. but my two boys like it here too.
i love to go to disney world, especially mickey mouse
no, i teach biology at a college
oh, well, i love walking around the garden. it is quite large.
interesting. i like to walk, and teach bio.
that sounds fun. i teach biology at a college.
i teach at a college in colorado.
i love it. i also love to play pool.
i am sure they can find something to study at the beach.
i'm a dog walker. what about yourself?
i'm 40, and i'm afraid of heights! what kind of dogs do you have?
i have two dogs. i like them both. they're so goofy.
i do too. it is a scary place!
i do like to read. i have a dog walking business.
anything really. my favorite subject is the sky, i love taking pictures of it!
i have a pet bird. do you like animals?
i am very well. just retired from banking. i don't do a whole lot.
i have, and it is very enjoyable
where do you live i'm retired from banking
oh i'm in pennsylvania, you?
it is a beautiful place to travel.
i love the saints! but my cats would like the bucs more!
i try not to. i spend my spare time working out.
not yet i am retired and i like to watch movies
i am doing well. what kind of scotch do you like?
me too, i also like to read.
it is. i just started and it is great. i will post updates.
i write for a living and am trying to find a good short story.
i've not tried vegan before. i'd like to try it.
do you know of any good vegan restaurants near you?
yeah it was a fun job.
i've a short story about a man and a woman who lived together for years
yes, i love it here. it is so busy i hardly ever see people walking.
yeah i hope so. i am going to a small school, so its will be hard to find
i'm in high school. i want to study biology.
i live on the rock and roll. i am a huge fan.
yes! how how did you know that? do you like taylor swift?
i bet you do, how many kids do you have?
that is horrid. i'm sorry to hear.
i don't have money to buy paint.
i am a singer
been playing music for 3 years now, i want to be a professional singer
thanks, maybe i will!
i like to play guitar when i am not jamming
i have 3 sisters and i've never been to a gig, but i can play guitar
oh wow, are there any animals there?
how much would you like to spend on them?
yeah, i never finished high school though
hello. i am ok. how are you?
that sounds really hard. i'm so sorry.
i don't know his name. i don't have one.
i love cats. my kindergarten teacher named her. she's so tiny!
do you have any pets?
i like movies, i watch them while i'm taking a break from my studies.
i like to watch movies, but i don't have a lot of time since i have been busy
yes very. i just recently graduated so i have time.
i am watching a football match on tv
nice! i love watching football on the weekends.
i have a lot of family that comes over for holidays.
my hair is so short i could probably pull it up with my bare hands.
christmas is great, but i am partial to cheeseburgers on sunday.
thanks for talking to me. you seem kind.
thanks. do you have any hobbies?
i am okay i'm going to a party i will be 17 in april
wow that is nice i am only 17
i am trying to be a vet. i'm only 17 though
yeah, me too. it is my favorite thing to do
i like grey. i've a lime green one
i bet you are a busy dad
no i don't. i am only 17
my mom has a pet cow.
i am a vegan and i love hummus.
i'm unable to work at a job due to a disability.
i love country music. i am a teacher, i have to be.
no i'm from canada, in the usa now.
i can try! i am allergic to the animals.
they are. i knit them for a living.
that's so sweet of you. you need to find a better doctor.
i will. i will get you a hat.
hello, i am well, how are you?
pretty dry, i work in a factory so i am used to that.
oh, i see, i'm not much of a gardener, do you have any hobbies?
you should definitely give it a go. it is a good workout.
do you have any hobbies?
i am a teacher in the elementary school. what do you do?
not really. i love gardening.
i love that idea! i would love to go clubbing with you
i've one dog and a cat
me too! what do you do in your spare time?
me too! i want to go there again next year.
i like to read as well
yeah. i love to read and have a big library. do you read?
i love to read too. what kind of music do you like?
wine is nice too. what is your favorite wine?
good! just finished a short story for my sci fi comic.
great! i am writing a short story for my dog walking business.
do you have pets?
that is okay. dogs are cool. what kind of dog do you have?
wow, i love dogs. do you have any pets?
me too! i like to watch a movie with my family.
i don't know, but i do like the comics
i like the super hero movies, and i love drinking scotch
hi, i am doing good. i'm in the army.
i was in puerto rico when i was a kid, how old are you?
about 4 years now
that is awesome. what do you do for fun?
i agree! i love the beach, it is my favorite place to visit.
it is a very nice place. i've been there many times.
you must love your job. i don't. what do you teach?
i am currently a teacher, and i love it.
hi, that's cool i'm a bodybuilder and i like to look good
i love animals. i rescued a rabbit and
i am so great at baking, i could make you a cake.
oh, rabbit gum. that is good stuff.
oh no! my sister and i ran a a blog about rabbits.
no. i don't want a rabbit.
well, i am a competitive body builder.
i like to play soccer, but i am not very good.
i've never tried that before. i'll have to give it a go sometime.
that is funny! i love to cook for my family.
i am an engineer. what kind of surgery?
that is so sad. i am sorry.
i prefer italian food over anything.
i am an engineer and i hate insects.
i bet you would love learning another language.
i haven't, maybe i should though! how are you doing?
i've heard that it is very salty.
i work in labor and delivery and i like to take care of my body.
you sound fun! i am single and happy, you?
i do. i have a son, and a daughter. they're great too.
i like to eat fish. and drink water.
i'm not married so i cannot leave my boyfriends basement.
i am great. just got done cooking some for my babies.
hello. i am a baby delivery nurse, and i'm very busy.
well, i like music too! i amove country. i am a big country fan
what kind of music do you like, i also like to knit!
bummer, my mom passed away when i was young, but i still eat bacon.
they're so gross
i can speak english and french fluently. what do you do?
what do you like to do for fun?
that is good, i love dogs. do you travel?
well i do travel a lot, i do like to travel
i like dogs. i named him after my dog max.
it might help you with that
yes, i travel all over the world to teach people about healthy eating and fitness
it is. but i do it for the dogs.
that is nice to hear. i wish i could help
hello, i am a designer, what are you doing today?
i want children, not grown ones, but i want kids, they are good for you!
i hope you don't have children,
puerto rico? i grew up there, my parents were always gone
you will have more luck there killing off those that would be mean more babies
no it is not.
yes i am mad because my mommy never came to visit me
about a year, i've a boyfriend but he takes my boyfriends babies
my husband is a professional spider hunter, so we keep a spider den
i love blue, reminds me of spring time.
i went to a large farm and read all the time. you?
they're delicious. what did you go to college for?
i think about it every night before bed. do you?
that is nice. what do you do for work?
my parents are not dead. i am lucky.
that must have hurt. i'm sorry about that.
hi. i live in alabama.
no i don't, do you?
i would but i'm not a farmer.
i have seven on this earth and a large farm
i have a lot of kids and am a mom.
sure! do you have kids?
it is very nice. you should.
hi lucy, i'm mike.
its going great just finished my morning snack of sardines.
i love to eat them too but i never finished highschool
i like soccer as well. i just recently got an apartment
i just had my surgery.
that is good. i just had surgery and now i'm deaf.
i'm on a break from school, i just started
its a video game
i'm doing well, how are you doing?
i am a nurse. how about you?
i do like singing
that's nice. i've two cats and one dog. what is your favorite food? mine is
you too. i have a dog. he's a black lab
no i am not married
i'm not married but my great grandchildren are
how many animals do you have?
i bet you wouldn't know what that word means.
yes i do, his name is charlie
i am an old man, so i don't have any pets.
i don't know much about the human body, so please, no animal.
oh. i have a dog. do you have any pets?
no i don't. but my boyfriend and i go to the mall together.
thank you, it means a lot to me
you should go get a dog. my dog helps me deal with my anxiety
hello, doing good, and yourself?
pink is my favorite color, and my horses are pink too.
no, i just got back from feeding horses.
i like to cook for my horses. i love making them salami.
no but my husband is an electrician so he might be able to help.
yes i have. i just got my nails done.
yes it is, i'm getting my nails done now.
not yet. i'm still working on my nail skills.
sure! do you have any pets?
his name is george. i'm so happy.
are you going to college?
i am so excited about it!
that's great! i've a golden retriever named larry
i love going on long hikes with friends. do you watch movies too?
i love model cars, and i like to travel. do you have any hobbies?
you should get one! i love the movie titanic!
hi. i am doing well. how are you?
oh that is nice. i am cleaning out cages at a research facility
do you drink water outside of work?
i do exercise a few times a week
i'm 5'8, i use a lot of people for trash cleanup.
i am glad you understand how it is. are you married?
no, no help here either.
i am glad youre here. i am cleaning out cages
i'm doing well, and you?
do you work as a manager? i am a manager for a music streaming service
i love cooking. what kind of music do you like?
i like sports. my favorite is mowing the lawn on sunny days... snow.
wow! that is a long time. i hope you are successful in retirement.
it will be nice to travel, but i am not sure i will travel alone.
you should. it is a great city.
we are going to a wisconsin music festival. we are looking for people to be managers.
hello, how are you today?
do you like dancing and singing at the club?
oh i love the brownies they're my favorite
yes! i love candy! my mom made me some last night.
sure. i just bought my first home. i am a professional dog walker.
i am sure you can. what is your favorite color?
poetry is cool. i like taking pictures of my pets.
sure! i have a big library at my new house. where do you live?
i am good and you?
i like to play tennis. i am an average age and play a lot.
i play soccer, its fun! i play a few cups a year, and i love it.
i also love to try new restaurants when i retire.
what disability do you have
that sounds really cute. i love to play board games.
thank you for the kind words.
hi i'm good and you?
yes i do, it helps me to stay in shape.
i like watching horror movies on my lunch break.
i work at a bar at night to supplement my income
thank you. do you watch horror movies?
i try to be, i work in a warehouse where i work on building robots.
i am glad to hear that. i have a forklift at my house.
same to you! i hope you are doing well
good. i'm enjoying a nice eggplant parm
my parents live in canada, i grew up there
do you have pets? i've a dog and two cats.
you are missing out. there is a great food scene here.
yeah, my parents are very wealthy, they invest a lot of their money
well i don't know either. what is your dream job?
wow, i love cats! i have a pet and a dog.
hi there. i'm good and you?
i like horses. i love horses.
anything that will give me pleasure, i love it!
do you like to go hiking?
i am allergic to shellfish so i avoid them.
wow, horses are cool. what kind?
yes, i like them a lot, i work in a horses barn
i'm well. what are you doing?
nice. i like basketball. i am a laker fan
i work at a school in taipei
that sounds like a fun job
i like to go to the parks and eat. do you like to go to parks?
what is your favorite video game
it is very fun! i love it.
do you like tae kwans dance?
i am doing well! i just got back from my first time in china.
my favorite food is papaya
that sounds so relaxing! i'm not much of a singing fan
that sounds like a good job. i'm a teacher
not really, but my dad used to coach softball at the park
that sounds interesting. i've not played softball in over 10 years
he was a great man
i studied abroad for a year, i'm now a mother
i love walking. i am going to pet shop tomorrow morning
i've a dog, he's a black lab. what do you do for work?
i'm sure it is. i teach music too.
i have heard the same thing about traveling in the african african wildlands
i am a big fan of music, do you have any favorites?
i like to walk and play with my dog, he's so big.
i like to play video games, what about you?
i'm well and how are you?
i work out to stay in shape. i also work out at home
i do too sometimes, but not as much as rap.
it is good for you. i like to work out as well.
i'm a vegan and love cooking my own food
she has a daddy too
oh i love quilts. my favorite way to relax is to read a book
my mom is a vet, she said its not bad for you.
i'm from nyc, how about you?
oh. i'm in the southwest. i'm a nurse, what do you do?
i love to run and read. i also like to cook.
she's a great friend to have.
that is nice. how long have you known her?
not yet. but maybe after i graduate
that sounds amazing! i am also a parent, but i am don't have kids.
hi. i'm doing good. you?
nice. i have a kid and a wife, both of whom are very pretty
i would love to see you sing.
i love skateboarding! do you like to cook? i make delicious meals for everyone
i love to read, i have been trying all different types of food everywhere i go.
yeah. i am married with kids
oh ok. do you like kids?
i guess so. what do you like to cook?
i am a music producer. i own my own studio.
i don't. i eat healthy. i love to eat healthy.
sorry to hear that. do you play any instruments?
i love to play video games. do you?
yes! i eat a lot of healthy. i also love to read plays.
that's great! i'm just writing a cookbook for my business.
i do! i like exercising. i just started. i also like playing tennis.
yes i do. i also like cooking and read a lot of books.
my boyfriend has one and he loves him
yes you should be
i like dogs and have two dogs
i am a single person who loves to cook
i don't have time, my life is busy
i have a dog, but she hates people
do you enjoy reading?
i am well. studying to be a lawyer. do you have any pets?
awesome, i live in canada so i am used to cold.
cool. i love tennis. i am currently a student studying law.
rap is cool. i do like to travel, so that's good.
i have a dog too! she's very independent and loves to explore new parts of the city.
it is quite expensive, but i love to travel. i am studying to be a lawyer.
maybe i can teach you to fly if you teach me how to do so.
well, that's good. i am practicing my law degree.
i am well, thanks. how are you?
that must be very interesting. i love watching sports.
i love working on a turtle. i named him timothy.
awesome. i am not old. i am only 19.
you need to learn to read. i studied in bora bora for a year and a
my turtle timmy is a good sport, he's always playing.
i like to read. my favorite author is sam harris. you?
i am well. i just played a few games of scratch offs.
no, i just came back from a night out drinking.
yep! that's what i do, i also build houses.
yeah, i used to play a lot of monopoly when i was younger. you have kids, too
that is great! i like to play games.
just enjoying the sun and the beach today. how about you?
it has made me hate people.
yeah. i'm going to try a strict drinking diet.
hi. i do work in the military, i was in the 82nd airborne division
no, not really. i am trying to find a good job.
oh okay, that is nice. i am in the army, so there are a lot of guys
i was in the military, i was forced into a marriage
do you know if they will accept a disabled person?
i am still in the military. what kind of job are you looking for?
both my parents are there. but i do have a leg that is very fast over terrains
hi there, mind. i am an interesting person.
ok. well i'll be waiting
& what do you do for a living? i do hair stylizing for dogs.
i don't know much about antiques but would love to visit one
my parents were both in teachers, my mom is a doctor and my dad is a construction worker
maybe i'll find someone who will take me. do you have any pets
i live in california. i am a hair stylist for dogs, but i also have
i am a british person who lives travels the world for fun.
i am good, how are you?
i'm doing pretty good, thanks. how old are you?
i play music for artists. i also play with my pet.
yes. i sing folk music. and you?
i like them all. do you like dogs?
you must be fun at parties.
that sounds like fun! i love music.
i like horses. i work at a pet store.
i am doing well. what about you?
it sure is. my favorite color is blue.
texas, we had a great time in w.
no. i am too busy being an american.
it is very cold here,. i am in ohio and the weather is very mild.
that is a good idea. i'd rather be cold then hot.
i do, and it is wonderful.
no. i was born in ohio, have you?
i'm learning to be a painter
i don't, no. i have never seen it.
that's great, i love anything that involves food
i don't really know
i am a girl, but you could make a case for either
wow, that's a big family!
i'm sure he'd.
do you like cats? i have two cats
i am good and yourself?
labor and delivery sounds like a great job
i don't. i am afraid of heights though.
i have never been to the gym. i don't go often because i am afraid of heights.
i don't drink. i drink wine. and sometimes i mix it with diet coke.
me too, i am a steelers fan. do you play any sports?
i like to go hiking and camp in the spring
i eat the same thing everyday, but i also exercise a lot
i like shopping. what do you like to shop for?
oh, i am going to concert tonight, i cannot wait.
i am single, i am planning to get a real job
my sister and i got a house recently
i'm so glad we can chat!
i am a nurse. i'm only 23.
that is a nice area. i grew up in mississippi
hi, how are you doing? i'm good. just got home from playing guitar.
i live in chicago with my brothers. where are you from?
yeah. i play the guitar and i also have two cats.
i'm a bartender and own my own place.
that is really cool. what do you do for fun?
i work as a bartender. you?
what do you do for fun?
cool. i am sure you are a great teacher!
no i don't eat any animals or anything that has a high protein count
i am an attorney, and i work in oklahoma. what about you?
i am into photography and like to draw
i do like that band oklahoma is beautiful
wow, i live in oklahoma with my best friend too. do you live alone?
oh okay. do you like dogs?
i am not religious
no. i am afraid of heights and work in the insurance business.
that is crazy. what did you do to get that
oh no! i live on a horse ranch so i don't see many people
i am sorry. how did he get in your wheel chair?
i am. i am only 34.
i have both legs. what about you?
no. i don't have time. i like to hike in nature.
nope. they were just stickers!
thank you. do you like animals?
oh wow, i've not heard of such a thing.
yeah i dropped out and work at a fast food place now.
it is not that bad, it is more like i live in a small town with friends.
that is a good idea, i'll look into that
i hate bacon. i also like hummus. i eat it raw, with olive oil.
that is sad, but understandable. i'm a runner and love to go running
i am doing well. i just got off work. how are you?
i just want to cop a haircut and go to school
i'm from california. where do you live?
oh wow, i live in california but am homeschooled
i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
oh wow, you must love robots.
i love the city but i also like the woods
i like to play with my dolls
hi darlene. i'm from the land down under.
i am doing well, just got home from work. how about you?
i don't, i'm allergic to cats. do you like tea?
i am a homebody, i love spending time with my kids
yeah, my kids are in school too, i live with them now.
well, i like small town life.
i'm homeschooling the child, it is hard to manage.
i am not sure yet. i am just getting back from school.
no, i don't collect anything. i am too busy working.
do you enjoy being a nurse? i attend uni for a degree in biology
that's cool. what do you like to do in your spare time?
i am going to be a bio major, so no partying or drinking.
i've a cousin that is a doctor.
it is very beautiful. i don't like drinking.
fall is so nice. i love to camp. do you camp?
i love the fall colors, and i'm not a big drinker either.
i am doing well. how about you?
nice. my favorite color is purple.
not really. i prefer to garden
no i am not, i am afraid of insects
you are a wonderful person. you are helping me.
it was 13 10 bucs at some point
i love rock. but i also enjoy gardening.
do you like animals? i love animals. my favorite band is the ohio state bucs
hello! i'm not a fan of roller coasters but my 12 year old girl likes them.
i love the sound of rolling stones.
i am going to see taylor swift. her concert is where i feel most at home.
i am in chicago now. i have not been anywhere else.
i love the color orange.
that is cool. i like gymnastics and that is my favorite sport.
i see. do you like to travel much? i've never been.
you are so young, i'm sure you'll get there!
good. just finished unpacking. i am going to eat dinner with my family.
i am doing fine. just finished dinner with my family.
i like to go out with my family then go out and play.
i love the ocean i am an avid fisherman
lol i don't know what he she said but he is a fish lover.
i am a girl,. do you have any pets?
what do you do for fun?
i have a dog, named tater
good, and you?
great i am from north dakota do you like sports
i've been to north dakota, it is very beautiful.
its very dry here, so i enjoy being outside a lot.
i studied languages and spoke several. what do you do?
i am still in school so i have to do alot of studying
i've a dog named barnaby, barnaby is my big goofy goofy woof
that is a nice farm. i love to garden
i'm good. i went to tae kwon do.
i'm well thank you. my parents are very old and boring.
yes i am a 12 year old girl.
do you like roller coasters? i love them.
i don't. i just like to skateboard
that must be a lot of work. i am a gymnast.
i don't have to tell you to buy anything. you can stay here if you want.
i have never been away from the house i live in
hi. i like to build stuff with my hands, how about you?
i've built several. what do you like to do for fun?
i work in a shipyard, do you work?
that's cool, i am not great at computer programming, but am pretty good at building robots
not really. i don't like the game. what is the game about?
i am a stay at home dad so they are great
no, i've not. but it would be fun.
i like to build things with my hands.
hi there. doing good, how are you?
i eat a lot of meat so i am healthy
do you collect war antiques
sure thing, how much are you looking to get
yes i've
i have never been in love, but my husband loves me.
wow you are so creative. do you have any pets?
are you a male or female?
hello. i am a homebody and love to go out and socialize
i have a husband and a child, so i love watching tv with them
cool. i love watching tv. i love watching movies and watching tv shows.
yes. i work at home so i stay pretty busy.
i'm from new jersey but i travel. where are you from?
that's the way to be, love the outdoors, i love going to concerts.
i have a boyfriend but i like to watch movies with him
good just came in from a long day at the bank. how are you?
that's good! what kind of food do you like
maybe i will try
oh my goodness! i am glad you are safe now.
yeah. do you have any pets?
i don't have any pets, but my husband does. what kind do you have?
that's okay, i don't mind it
i like to cook and have 3 kids
hi i am good. how are you?
i was born in somalia, but i came to america with my parents.
i like to play basketball, i don't know why but i like it.
i'm a gymnast. i love to do them.
very cool. what kind of role do you play?
i'm from ohio, but i live in california now
i am not really into singing. i dance when i am bored though.
well you should come and see for yourself
i am doing well. how are you?
i am working on a romance novel.
i'm a writer. i also have two cats.
i have two dogs, they're awesome.
no, just one cat, he likes to play with my feet.
my husband is from germany, i'm from india.
they like me. they say i'm a cool author.
not really, they live close to me, so i see them a lot.
good, i just came back from a walk with my dog.
oh i'm sorry to hear that. what happened
it is. i was in the navy too.
no. i am color blind. i am green though, so maybe that's why i am so
do you like dogs? i'm allergic to them
those are good too! i'm allergic to dogs
what is your favorite color?
thank you, do you like music?
hi! i'm great. watching a movie. you?
i haven't. maybe my husband will pick me up a ticket.
i love movies and tv too, but i love going to the park.
i'm a homebody, and i love to stay home. i love nature and the outdoors.
that is what i like to hear. i am not a great cook but i love cooking.
that's great! i hope it is better than my ex husband.
you are most welcome.
you too. i wish i had time to read, but work keeps me busy.
i'm watching the olympics. my favorite color is green.
i would. but i'm too busy looking at teddy bears.
yes. i also have a large amount of teddy bears.
i like the zoo too. what is your favorite show?
yes he is, i love him too.
no, but i would love to. i've a collection of them at my hospital.
i've a lot of teddy bears. how many do you have?
i like the hunger games and the hunger games sequel.
hi i just moved here from chicago. where have you been?
i work in fast food, i dropped out and live in an apartment now
i've never been to burger king. i work at a shelter.
wow, my high school class has a computer science degree, i am a computer programmer myself.
yes you'd be surprised.
wow that sounds like a great life.
wow! that's great! i dropped out of high school and now work in fast food.
i don't like food. i dropped out of highschool and work at fast food.
i am well, how about you?
i am currently studying to be a nurse. i want to be a doctor
that is very interesting! do you work?
awesome! i do you like music?
i'm from the land down under. do you like to shop?
i love shopping. i just want to be a doctor.
yeah, i am going to a music school next year.
oh i do, i'm working on my turning 18. it is exciting.
i like to travel, i also love to hike and listen to music.
i love to paint, i also like to read
i love nature too, but i am not into animals like my parents were teachers
i love the smell of the air
i love to cook but i also love to read poetry.
yes i do. he's a great singer!
i love stickers! my parents taught me how to do it.
it is of a band that i like
ohio state. i went to the gym all day today, it was great.
oh nice! i go to the gym everyday, work at the delivery center and drink plenty of water
i don't have a garden, i am so lonely.
i don't drink water. or any other kind of beverage, really.
lol. i do drink a lot of water. i work in labor and delivery so i need to
you can! you have to believe in yourself!
yeah. i wish i had a better childhood.
maybe. maybe. do you know of a good vegan place near you?
hi, i am homeschooling my child.
that's a great idea! i'm taking a break from studying to spend time with my kidd
that's a good profession to be in! what do you do?
do you like cats? i've two cats.
wow. i am allergic to cats. what kind of car do you drive?
oh okay. i was just talking to my dad about that.
cool. i'm only a homecoming queen.
yeah, i'll probably wear a blazer and a hat.
just hanging out with my best friend
that sounds great. what are you hiking?
wow that's awesome. my job is in advertising
i like working with ad sales, i met a few clients last year
i love music. i love country music
yes. my parents don't want me. my mom is a dentist
wow! i work in advertising, so i don't go to church.
hello. i am from the united states.
yes i work in a maternity ward in the hospital.
i am too. so i knit for babies at the hospital.
yes, i do. what do you do for work?
i could knit something for you, i have a hat for your hat!
i have a dog and a cat. they are my everything.
that is funny. my husband and i knit scarves for our dogs.
you too. i'm knitting a hat for my husband.
hi, i am well. how are you?
that is good, you must be doing great!
oh, i'm sorry. my husband works nights for me, too.
i understand. do you like animals? i've three cats and they're awesome
i like the walking dead. i'm currently watching the walking dead.
i like walking dead. i'm sad that i can not watch it.
yes, i've been every year since i was little.
oh that is awesome! i love disneyland, i have two children, they love it.
hi, i'm well. i'm just watching my favorite music.
i am a custodian, i love cleaning houses.
oh i love metallica. do you like music?
i grew up in wisconsin. metallica is my favorite band.
i like to go hiking and camp.
i have never worked out with more than one person.
i agree. i like to work out. my brother is a bit of a nag.
that's awesome! i'm from mass myself!
wow! i've 2 kids too and i love them both. i wish my dad was more supportive
hi, i work at mcdonalds, i've a deathly afraid of heights, you?
yes, i love it. i also like to play piano and guitar.
i love rap, and i like music that involves death metal
nice. i live in new jersey and work at mcdonalds
i don't think i am big enough to work there
i hate my job so i don't mind going to college
its a dead end job. i am looking for something different.
that's so cute. i have to save up too, i'm still in school.
hi! i just got back from a visit to seattle.
that is adorable. i just moved to seattle two years ago.
i bet it does, do you volunteer?
do you have pets? i'm looking for a dog.
i agree. i have two cats, and they love the beach.
it is a type of fish, i don't know the exact name
oh that is a great combo. i like to eat a lot of fresh fruit and veggies when i
i am well. just practicing my bird law. how are you?
oh, i see. i see that alot. where do you live?
oh, you should post on r gardening. i love gardening.
what subject are you studying?
i wish i had more time with my studies. what do you study?
no, i've two older siblings. they're all grown up.
yes. we are planning on getting married after this school year.
i have not been there, maybe i should.
hi. i'm doing great, thanks. what about you?
my husband is a doctor, he's a vet, and he recommended this.
work with horses on a large ranch. i love it.
it is very nice. i work out a few times a week.
that sounds like a great opportunity to grow your garden.
i like fresh veggies, too. i cook them out of the garden when i'm not using the
i love to make hummus.
that's a good way to stay thin. i like exercising.
hello. i am kate and so are my cats.
yeah. i also have 2 cats. i love them both
that is cool i'm on a farm on a very isolated island
you sound like a good person, i wish i was you
i like my bacon raw, with a good side of sweet sweet sauce
i'm sorry i can understand that.
why? i've been there. i just don't like it
i am not saying it was aliens, but it was aliens
i'm okay, how about you?
that sounds like fun. i want to write some fanfic for the larp
do you have any children?
yes it does. do you have pets? i have a dog and a cat.
you should get gold too.
i really like the hunger games. i read them in school every year.
both! what is your second job?
i like to write a lot of my own fanfic.
hello suzie. i am doing good.
i am working on my second job right now. i am a freelance writer.
that is a good point, maybe i am.
i love cooking but i am bad at it.
i am more into cooking my own food
that sounds like a great time. what else do you like to do?
that sounds fun. i am currently watching the lord of the rings
i don't watch those either
hi i am a little girl. i have a turtle named timothy.
no i am not much of a gamer
that's cool. i've a turtle. his name is timothy.
i love fall too, especially with the fresh air.
i'm from bora bora, tropical country. do you like to go outside?
that sounds fun, i don't work anymore i'm retired now
i love to ride my turtle, timothy
i've never tried cooking but my parents are very traditional and it sounds fun.
hi. i'm good. i just came back from work. how are you?
yes you should! it is a lot of fun.
i work out a lot. i also like to cook.
i love working on horses, i am getting married this summer.
that would be really cool.
it is a great hobby.
me too! i love to eat baked goods!
oh, you have a farm. i have a big barn. and i love it.
i am doing pretty good, how are you doing?
that sounds like fun, i am trying to cop a feel for the new season.
i am a homie, cop a short, i cop short sleeves all the time
cute. i like ruffled shirts. i wish i could get ruffled flannel.
i would wear it out!
oh that is good. i live in california but work in a nursing home.
that's nice. i hope i can help you get a job one day.
i'm doing great. how about you?
oh dear. i hope you get better soon.
i'm 56, but i love to travel. i go to china to escape the crowds
i just started my new job as a teacher!
oh i see. i studied in iraq.
i'm a little girl, i've a golden retriever
i am so sorry. do you have any pets?
hello, i am good. i am just homeschooling. i am homesick.
i'm from california. what about you?
i am not much of a reader but i love to read. do you like to read?
no, he's my robot best friend.
yes, my favorite part is copying the robots to make them myself.
i have not. i'm a huge fan. what is your favorite book?
yes! i also love to coplay. i've a lot of work.
yes. do you have any kids?
i'm great. just got home from my daily dose of onions.
thank you. you have any siblings?
i love to workout, but hate the long hours. do you like it?
i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
i'm sorry to hear that. what do you like to do?
well, maybe he likes you to. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a father. i am currently looking for one.
i'm 46. i'm getting old. i like to read but don't have time.
i'm doing good. how are you?
i work as a teacher at a school in my free time
i do, what do you like to do?
that is great. i love to explore new places.
i am human, but i am a fish so i guess that's why i have so many
no, but i do live under the sea
i am a female. what about you?
i don't like granola. it has too many carbs
you should try being a model. you might make money.
oh! well that is pretty interesting. what kind of fish do you have?
do you have a lot of friends?
i can only speak to sailors. you sing or dance. i don't.
wow that's awesome, what do you do?
i don't know. maybe. i'll think about it.
i'm good, just came back from a walk with my two children.
i am a real estate agent. i have 2 kids. what do you do?
i am a teacher
they do. they are great. what do you do?
well that is true, but i'd like to have clean air.
the part where the particles of a nuke strike the earth.
what is your biggest concern?
hello i am katrina. what is your name?
cooking and singing folk music.
i rent. my cats are in the city. you sing folk songs too?
i read a bit but i am a classical music buff.
i am also into fashion. i love anything with a zig zag
you could live inside me! i've outdoor space.
yes you will. i adopted a cat last week.
good evening. how are you?
i like to read, i love reading. do you like sports?
i am a musician, what kind of music?
oh my god i'm so sorry
i'm originally from california, but i live in florida now.
yes. i love to play video games.
i live in florida where do you live?
hurricanes? what hurricanes? i am not familiar with that term
it is going great. just came back from riding my bike around the neighborhood. you?
nice. i have been busy with work. how is yours going?
i am 34, so not that old. i just have three children and six grandchildren.
i'm sorry to hear that. are you looking or are you in jail?
do you like to travel? i've 3 dogs and a cat.
i like to think i'm pretty cool. do you have any pets?
i think you can do whatever you want with it.
i am well. how are you?
sounds like a great day. i'm home from work, coplay.
awesome. i am a blonde kid with blue eyes.
i work as a cop and watch crime dramas. you?
do you like to dance?
sure, why not. what do you want to be when you grow up?
oh man i'm from alabama. what about you
i am, and they love it here
hi. doing good, how about yourself?
oh dear. i'm glad you are ok. i'm vegan, and my dog likes sushi.
my dogs would love to work out with me.
that's good! i love working out. i like to listen to rap music while i work.
yes, i am a chef and love sushi.
my favorite is spinach salad with black olives.
i do like to cook too!
you too. how is your sunday?
good. just got home from work.
i'm from a small town outside of town.
i grew up on a ranch and lived on my horse, i miss it so.
i live in a small town so i don't have many friends.
oh no, i'm not into country. i like to cook, though.
i love to cook my own meals. do you cook?
i'm a vegan and i love eating my vegetables!
yeah!!! he's a great singer! do you like horses?
i am doing well. just got home from feeding my cats and i am exhausted from hiking all day
i love to ride my cat and dog around the mountains near my house.
i am doing good. how are you?
i have three. i live near a mountain with many animals.
i love dogs, but i've never met one.
nice. i was in business myself. i love it.
finance and i am looking for a job too
thanks, do you like dogs?
hi, i am doing good and you?
yes, i am in a tiny home. i love it here.
that is nice. where are you from?
i stay at home. i'm a single dad.
i don't have many either. but my wife does....
i like to build houses. my wife and i are building one right now.
i've a lot of fun with them. do you have any kids?
do you like to travel?
i'm good. i was raised in a large horse ranch.
i love to work with horses, i work with them everyday.
yeah, we have a large family, horses are one of the only things we have.
that's so sweet of you to do that
you are a good person. i like horses.
i am not old, i just live on a horse ranch
oh wow, i am a big fan of her
i am a big fan of country music
i am doing good. how are you?
i'm 40 years old. do you like to read?
i'm a little older than that, i'm 20. i used to be a gym teacher though
yeah, i'm not old, just a kid, it is a hobby.
i have never traveled before. what is your favorite thing to do?
it is a state.
do you like rollercoasters? i've never been. i've never been far from home.
no. i live in north america.
i am doing well. where are you from?
it is what i want to do, but no one wants to be me
you are a doctor? what do you do?
wow! i dropped out of high school.
what do you do? i'm in the fast food business
yeah but i am a vegan
yep, i love cooking but i am not very good at it.
i work in the food service industry, i am a waitressing line cook.
i read a lot of rpgs. my older sister used to read for me.
what do you do for fun?
i don't have any, but my mom does. she's a doctor.
that's cool. what do you do for fun?
i want to become a veterinarian, maybe teach lessons.
yes it is. i love photography. i also like to read.
i am good. i was just listening to my favorite band. how are you?
my parents were both teachers also, i am a teacher myself.
lucky! mine has grown into a long pony tail.
lol! i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you are safe.
they are very understanding. i love my kids and my wife.
i sure do, i'm going to be a mom and i love it
i'm so sorry. but it is okay.
thanks you. i do as well. i love music and am always learning new things.
i'm sorry to hear that. i am very tired from yesterday.
hi there. i'm a thirty something male.
i am sorry to hear that. maybe you should enlist then?
i am currently in the army, serving south korea.
i understand. in my free time i like to play board games.
i like the sound of that. i wish i could go faster!
cool. do you like the army?
wow, that's amazing. my dad had one too, in ww2.
no. i love shopping and fashion.
i love shopping for my outfits, and i love wearing them.
i like to shop too. i want a volkswagen one day.
i am an artist. i love taking pictures of my creations.
you'll need a lot of money to become a doctor.
you sound like a very happy person!
what kind of music do you like?
i'm going to a wedding in a month and a half
i am okay, i am five feet and i have webbed toes
no kids. i use my own trash to paint for others.
do you have any pets?
my kids love fish. what do you do?
i don't think fish would eat your fish. they're so territorial
do you work at a research facility? i do at a museum
i like short people. they are the best.
oh, that is a lot of feet!
i am good, how about you?
i am. my wife and i are having my fourth.
i had a kid with an exotic beauty.
i don't remember. maybe someone from the war.
that is so sad. my dog died too.
how did he do that? he had a dog, i bet him.
i'm not sure if it was but my husband does.
you have kids? i'm a single mom and my husband is an electrician.
i am okay, how are you?
good. just got off work at the supermarket
i am in high school
well, i am still at school. my family has four kids. you?
that's ok, we all have our fears. do you have any?
i do. my family has 4 cats...
rock mostly
i like to dance too, it is my favorite thing to do
i'm good. just got done reading a play about the dangers of eating too many grains
i am in the army and i've 2 cats and a dog.
that is a good way to reduce stress. i like meditations.
oh. i'm from canada. i've a dog.
i like to read, and play video games.
i like to play with my cats and dogs too.
i love to do that. i also like to eat healthy and exercise a lot.
you should get to know your cats and dogs first.
yes, i'm a law student. i have a lot of time for politics.
that's a good job, what do you do for a living?
what do you want to study in school?
i am going to law school after my studies in college
that is so sweet. i want to be successful so i can buy a house with that kind of
i understand. it can be very draining.
i just finished law school, and my law school class is tomorrow.
great, i just got back from work as an actor.
i am an actor. my dream is to be an actress.
i don't want kids. my dream is to be an actor.
i am in ny i work in new york now.
surfing is fun. i am single though.
singing, acting, and looking at flowers.
i don't think my singing is good, but i still try. do you have pets?
i am single and i work as a model.
i'm great. just got back from looking in a mirror.
cool. do you have any kids?
yeah, but i want to be an actor.
no, we don't. maybe i will when i have kids.
i am sorry to hear that. maybe you and your partner can fix it.
i have not. i would love to.
yeah, i'm pretty average. i want to be an actress though
you have to have talent to be successful as a model.
hello, just got home from work, enjoying my sunday workout!
i'm from canada. where are you from?
nice. i love rap music. i listen to it while i work out.
i'm sure there are. do you work?
yes, i am working out, but i like to listen to rap music.
yes. do you go to school?
what kind of music do you like?
i live in a small town outside of chicago
hi! how are you doing? my name is larry by the way.
no, i've three siblings. how about you?
pets? how nice. i need to look that up.
i bet, you must have loved going to concerts
wow. i m only 16 but that s still young.
yeah i like to eat when i'm not playing music, but i love to party!
i love playing guitar and piano. my older sister is also a musician
i am well. how are you?
i am well thank you. i am just writing a book.
it is a great movie. you should give it a watch.
my husband and i love our house. our kids are great too.
that sounds like a fun job. i like to write, i've a book coming out.
i was just binge watching the lord of the rings, what about you?
oh wow. that's a long time. i only have two days off a year.
that sounds fun. i like to paint my bedroom.
doing great, i just got in from cooking my own meals!
no pets, just my husband. he has a business.
mostly fish and chicken. how about yourself?
i've always wanted a pet. i have a cat.
three kids. they are all grown and healthy.
that is a very good hobby.
i have a dog walking business.
yes. i'm very fortunate. we are expecting triplets in three months.
i am good and yourself?
i love walking my dog. what is your favorite food? mine is italian.
i love food, and i love cooking!
i don't eat meat, but i do like to cook it.
what is your disability
i like to read about different religions and travel. do you have any pets?
that is a lot of travel. i like to walk.
what do you like to do for fun?
i am good how are you doing this afternoon
i like a lot of things when i'm not cooking.
they like to nibble on the pepperoni
i love football too. when i have spare time i read a book
yes. i cook a lot of meals, and my husband makes them.
i like to read, my favorite author is scott pilgrim.
of course. i'd love that! what do you want to be when you grow up?
i like to keep my hair and go pretty. do you have any hobbies?
i ate a raw diet and kept to myself so i could keep my health and look great.
what kind of hat did you buy? i've an old hat that i like to keep to myself
i keep trying to eat a lot of things.
i'm so glad you do. do you have any horses?
that's true! i want to go as a professional horse rider, maybe one day.
do you like sports? i like horses.
hi. i am fine. how are you?
i'm so glad i'm not working. i love shopping.
that is awesome! i love to spend time with my family, i am single, but my sister
i'm retired and am close to my sister! she's a nurse too!
i don't wear any right now. i am single and my sister and i are close.
i'm going to school so i cannot date yet but i am very close to finishing
i like green, do you have any favorites?
that is nice. do you have siblings?
hi. i am tired. my dog is sleeping with one eye open.
that would be a good idea. i think i could talk to her about it.
that is good. do you like to run?
that's cool. i do play some roleplaying games.
that's awesome. do you work there?
i've a pit bull. his name is charlie.
i am not sure what you are trying to get at with that.
i'm doing very well. just taking a break from my boys.
nice! do you have any hobbies?
i love hiking in the cold just like my boys
i love winter time the best. do you live with your parents
same here i am single so no kids
ohio. i am single with two boys, i like to hike
do you like hula? i love to.
i'm not sure how old they are but they are very well behaved
i am good! i love cats and dogs! how are you?
i live in north carolina near some mountains
i like the color orange.
do you have a pet?
do you have pets? i love animals.
i've never been to the mountains. i love to live close to nature.
no, but i like dogs and cats. i've 3 of them.
i like red, reminds me of summer time.
hello! i'm well. where are you from?
i'm fine. just finished making some spaghetti with my adopted cat.
yes. i make it at home with a pot stew and rice. what about you?
i like to make things out of string and yarn.
you must be a chef or something.
yes, she does. she's very supportive of my choice of career.
yes, she taught me how to make clothes from scratch. i love to make my own clothes.
yes she did and i will keep her in my thoughts
hello. i'm a young adult with big dreams.
oh nice. i live in canada and i love country music.
that is exciting. i love to travel.
do you skateboard
i live in canada. i work at a school as a teacher
it is cold here. i am so used to being outside in the winter.
that sounds bad. i am only in my thirties, i am just trying to keep warm
do you have a fireplace?
hello! i am good how are you?
i like to make quilts, but i am scared of dying.
that is funny. i don't spend a lot of time practicing quilts, but i love to
cool, i have a dog. what kind?
i'm a stay at home parent. i love kids and all of my students.
i am a little baby but i will be an adult in no time.
i've a dog, she's so precious and fluffy.
hi i am doing well. i just got back from looking at my cats.
i am trying to cut out the sweets. i am a clean eater.
i am not sure if you are serious or not. do you like dogs?
well, you are in luck. my college education paid off. i earned my undergraduate degree in finance
thank you so much. how old are you now?
i will probably be done with college in two years. how about you?
that sounds great. when are you due?
yeah, it sure can. i'm excited about the future.
hi, i'm doing well. just got back from my dinner with my family. you?
oh, that's nice i live on a ship
nice! i have a son who is in junior high
i've a dog. he's a turtle.
yes, it is very wavy and wavy, what is your favorite food?
wow you can get money for your time
i love to explore, so i go to disney world every year.
i'm a girl too! i love to explore the ocean, especially the wavy part!
hi i'm good how are you?
oh that is good, i am single, two boys, and i am an accountant.
oh. are you planning to go pro or college?
i live in ohio so i could go there if i needed too.
i like parties! i go almost every weekend.
no kidding. the stress of being a mom makes me act weird sometimes.
it is. i am single and a mom. how about you?
thank you. you are kind.
i've been away for a week or two.
i love europe, i've never been there, i should. travel.
that would be fun! i hope you have fun.
what kind of hobbies do you have?
i do. i do love lasagna.
it is a very tasty food, i eat it a lot.
no i don't have a pet. do you?
what kind of animals? i have two cats, a turtle and a puppy.
oh yes. you are going to college too? i love kids!
i see. do you have any pets?
my boss and i have a dog, she is> & that is nice. my cousin has a
i am the boss of my aunt, who works at a shelter.
she's a junior at my school. you married?
she's a kennel cleaner, she's a pet at my local shelter
i like your style. what is your favorite color?
that is good to know. i hope you find someone that will love you
hello! my name is mike, i am a college student
not really, i am engaged though, so i do listen to music
i like classical music. i used to listen to it while i was practicing.
nope. but i am a graduate student so maybe that has helped
my boyfriend and i are moving into our new house together. we are looking at four.
how cute!!! that is so sweet of you!!
that is so sweet of you, what is your favorite sport?
do you like soccer?
yes i enjoy playing games of chess with my kids. what about you?
that's cool. i like to play with my toys too.
wow, you have a lot of family
i am studying nursing at uni now
i have three kids and a wife
i would definitely try and help people. i like to spend my money on good causes.
i used to play a lot of fallout when i was a kid
my favorite video game is starcraft. i play it at least once a week.
congratulations! i am a young adult, so i've time to learn.
he is a musician, his music is popular in canada too
no. i am alone, but i am an adult. i enjoy computer programming
hehe. my family has a dog. he's a lab.
i'm currently in school for computer programming.
no. i am too young for pets.
i am not a fan of tea, especially iced.
wow, that's cool. i'm actually a girl but you never know
wow you are smart i'm a doctor
i don't have much so no
you should move you are missing out.
well that do you like music? i love music!!
that's nice what do you like to do for fun
i know right? my dad was the lead singer in a famous band.
i would love to! we could meet and sing at a gig
i adopted a cat. it was a stray.
yeah, i'm in canada... i adopted a cat recently
i like to cook too, i love cooking.
my mom was a nurse.
that would be really awesome!
that is awesome. i am going to use that in the song i am writing.
i'm from nyc, i'm used to it. i love the city.
i'm doing great, how are you?
i live on a small island with my cats
i write a lot of romances
i studied law
i'm an author. i write about everything.
no. i'm not much of a eater. do you like to write?
no i don't like veggies
yes! i love country music.
my dogs. what about you?
i do like to watch football, as my favorite team.
i love dogs! do you have any pets?
that's young. my parents had me raised on a horse farm
noodles are yummy! i like eating them too! i do hair care products
i have three dogs and love them. do you have kids?
i know i know but i do it anyway.
i'm not sure what you mean by that
that sounds like a good idea!
do you have any pet tips?
that is nice. do you have any hobbies?
you should! i adopted a cat last week and he's so sweet!
i would like that. i love the outdoors. i adopted a cat recently.
i am a cat person, so i feel the same way
i like the idea of using the energy of the earths rotation to clean up after myself.
i am a kennel cleaner, and you?
i'm a rural boy, do you have any animals?
yes please do, i volunteer there too
my sister is the manager of the local supermarket where i work.
do you have a favorite band?
my boss has a cat named simple plan
i love music, i'm just not in the best mood lately.
i am not a fan of animals either but that doesn't stop me from volunteering at a local animal
i am good, how are you? i love cats and i have 3.
i don't know, my parents taught me to love cats and dogs
i've a dog. i like him too
awesome! i love animals, i've two dogs
i'm sorry about that. i am sure your kids will love it
i like heights because they make me think about death, i am terrified of it
i have a dog. she's a mutt.
lucy and kris
rock music
i like rap too. i live in chicago too.
i'm a musician myself. i play a lot of instruments.
yeah that's what i meant. i'm working on a guitar as well
i play guitar, piano, and i also work as a bartender.
my brother and i both like soccer, we live in chicago
i am in chicago too. do you go to school there?
hey there. do you like pizza?
oh nice, i have two dogs and a cat
sure, i love to go to parties! what kind of party do you go to?
i am in my thirties, and they are in their thirties.
i'm old, i'm only 34, what age is your mom
that would be great. i just want to have fun
i am a college student too. but i am a stay at home mom
i like to keep to myself
i am good. just got home from work. and yourself?
oh wow. that must be hard. do you like it there?
yes, it is a hard job. i hope your brother is ok.
that's great. what is your favorite?
i like the color pink.
it is. but i have to have it.
i've a brother, he is older and black. he's a vet.
i'm not really a fan of technology.
hello. i'm well, how are you?
i love them, i want to go to italy. do you like it?
i've never met someone who doesn't like cats. they're the best!
oh wow, i wish i had a dog. what kind of dog do you have?
you are right, he is. he's a good dog
i love walking and love to eat italian food
i have a dog, a chocolate lab. what is your favorite food?
i heard he did. what is his name
hi. nothing much, just got home from a party.
i am getting ready to go to bed. my parents are home.
we play at a bar in town, you should come see us.
cool. do you have a band?
i am from ny, what about you?
you must be very fit. i'm always playing gigs
i like to grill when we play.
no, i don't like sports at all.
hi, i am a girl too. i like eating chocolate ice cream.
i am in the insurance business. what do you do?
no, i don't. but my husband and i play movies on the weekends.
i love italian movies, like the exorcism.
i'm a junior in high school. how about you?
no. i work in a maternity ward.
i don't. i've a great job.
no they're not, i just eat a lot of pizza.
i am doing great. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am single too.
yeah, it is. it is tough work, but i love it.
i am single, so clothes are out of the question.
nice. do you have any hobbies?
yes, classical music, and some rap.
i like to shop for clothes. i also like to go shopping.
i love music. i also like to play video games.
i am a law student. what are you studying?
i am doing well thank you. i am ryan.
i am in my thirties. what do you do?
yes. i am currently studying law in college.
that is exciting! i'm sure you will make it big!
i don't have any siblings. do you have any siblings?
not really my thing, i listen to rap though.
no. i am not a fan of animals.
good, my cat just got married.
i am from colorado what about yourself
that's interesting. i've a cat named brent
i like to play board games with my pet
that's cool i have a cat named calico
yes, i'm, i've been playing a lot of board games
what kind of psychic powers do you have?
that is interesting. do you know the powers of god?
hi. i'm from new york city. what about you?
i love new york. i work model, model dreams.
i could never go skiing again i have too many children.
i have two older brothers, i am not sure what they are like though
i do. i am also a model. i model clothing.
they're amazing, i'm sure you will like them.
i love country music, but i am a model and i want kids.
i am fine. how are you?
i am a teacher. i love to teach young children how to knit
yes, i do. it is a good way to keep me busy.
i love to travel, i'm not a pro like you
i love taylor swift, she's my favorite!
yeah, i like taylor swift, she's my favorite
i like her but i don't listen to her music.
i have two horses, a black lab and a tanning bed.
good. just finished a long day in the saddle.
no. i have a spare room at my house.
i see. well, at least there are horses!
i am not sure how much it would cost to paint in my large city.
i have two horses, a horse and a puppy.
no. i don't like animals.
i bet you would enjoy them if they came into my city.
that is really neat. i like horses, so i'm not complaining.
hi, i am well. how is your day?
britney spears is my favorite. she sounds so fake!
i am going to get my first real job
it is. what do you do for work?
wow! how many kids do you have?
i am sorry to hear that, i am single too, do you have any hobbies?
i'm a nurse, so we shop for clothing, hats, shoes. it is nice.
my sister used to dye my hair.
hi! i'm ok. i ate my vegetables.
what kind of movie do you like?
i'm into hard stuff myself.
not at all, we had a good time.
i do, i also design them, do you have any hobbies?
i've been trying different genres of fiction.
ok. do you have any pets?
i am well. enjoying my coffee.
no kids, just an administrative assistant
hehe he. i'm retired now, i don't work.
yes! i am looking forward to retiring in 5 years, so i can enjoy my vintage cars!
i love to drink and party, i am going to be a administrative assistant in 5 years.
no i just love oldies and love bars. you like oldies?
yes we are. we are planning on getting married soon.
yes. my wife and i are getting married in five years.
i'm doing pretty well, thanks. how are you?
i am good, how are you?
yup, i do! what about you?
no pets. i'm only 12. i don't have much time.
they do, i love tae kwans. do you like dogs?
that is quite a haul. how many cats do you have?
i am a korean model. do you like sports?
i love food. i like to cook for my family.
nothing much. just listening to music. how are you?
oh, i am sure that will be great.
that is awesome! what kind of music does your dad like?
just run and read. i love to read, jazz and read.
i work from home, and my kids are great!
sounds fun. you should try it sometime.
i have two kids and a dog. do you?
you must be a really great cook.
what kind of car do you have? i like the rolls royce ghost.
no, i've never hunted before. what is stand for?
not quite. i'm studying first time pregnant now.
not at the moment, but i could rent one out
no, but my dad did. he had a golden retriever named ginger
she just got out! she's a golden retriever named ginger.
she was, but she was beautiful. do you volunteer at a shelter?
hello. my name is taylor swift. i love eating pizza.
howdy doody doody! how are you?
i've six older siblings and a kid. you have any pets?
cool. do you like animals? i've one cat. she s a sweetheart.
my sisters like it, my older sisters like playing with dolls
yes, i have to work today since i am a teacher.
i like watching movies as well.
do you have any siblings
i am good how are you
no. i'm retired and live in my home. do you have pets?
i work as a nurse, and i hate it. i've been at the same job for years
no. i live in a house. i just bought it.
what kind of music do you like?
well, you can always ask your dad.
i volunteer at the hospital. it is my passion.
that is great. you are making me hungry. i hate eating.
i'm good, how are you? i'm a junior in high school.
wow that sounds like an interesting job.
you are forced to do that? i am already a doctor
oh that sounds pretty. i'm going to a music school
that is awesome. i'm going next year
nice, i want a volkswagen when i get out of highschool
do you like cars? i've a volkswagen beetle
yes. it is an exciting time
hi! no, my husband and i don't go for walks, he drives.
that is cool, do you own any animals?
oh, i would love to have a large family with them.
oh that's a lot of kids. i just have my husband for that
he has a lot of them. he also has a business as a cat salesman.
you are missing out, cats are wonderful
yes he is. he has 5 kids. i am the father.
hello, how are you? i am very well.
oh, you must have a very long tail.
very cool. i am just moving into my new apartment next week
i'm not. i'm hoping to move out west next year.
yeah that would be nice. i have never been to california.
i'm moving in with my boyfriend next week to a new apartment with my best friend.
that is interesting. i never thought about that.
great! i'm just renting an apartment. nervous about the dogs.
bacon is the best food ever
i don't. i do love cooking though
i'm single, no dogs, but i want to be a chef.
how about a cat dog? i have one, he's pretty.
well, i do like cooking so i might be the exception
i love true crime too but i don't read them often
i rent an apartment with my best friend
i'm great how are you today?
its rainy and windy here.
not really. i prefer books. do you read?
i have never heard of it. do you enjoy reading?
what store? my name is jordan, i'm a vet, what do you work in?
my name is jordan. what is yours?
i love to read, do you?
i love listening to music!
i'm good i just came back from work at a gas station. how are you?
i don't like chips. i don't like blue.
yeah it is a stress reliever but i don't think it's a good idea
i play bluegrass music
oh i see, you have to be smart to play that
i did, but now i have no tail.
i taught elementary school for about a decade.
i just go out to eat and watch the football.
hey, i'm doing good. i just started a new job. how about you?
do you play any instruments
yes! i love country music. what is your favorite food?
no i don't. i'm single and boring.
i am 24, and you?
i am not really into music, do you play any?
i've a cat. i like to play with him.
you have any siblings?
hi! i am great, how about you?
oh that's no good. what are you going to do with your time?
awesome! do you compete?
i do like to run to relieve stress. i am still new to it.
i do a lot of running to help me relax. do you like to run?
i don't have a roller coaster, but i do like to go on the beach.
they're slippery and slippery... and they hurt.
like what?
i am doing great, just got back from a workout. how are you?
i am a teacher, so i love kids.
awesome, i just got done working out with my 3 kids and i need a break from the music
i love her, she was a teacher
i like to go to the gym all the time. my favorite gym is the one in my house
i love frisbee. i don't have kids but have 3 dogs.
i love sardines. do you have any pets?
i love the band heart because i was a teacher!
hi! i just got back from huffing paint fumes!
i love metal music. what kind of music do you like?
wow! i live in colorado, i've never been there.
oh. i am a bee farmer. i need to learn how to sew my own clothes.
do you like poetry? i love it.
do you like to hike? i like to do that too.
i'm more of a fan of poetry. i also love nature.
i am well how are you doing
i like hiking and have read poetry
i am learning to do some art i love it
do you like poetry?
no not really. do you like to travel
cool i love nature and love to hike in nature
i like pretty much anything but i don't mind spending money
yes, but i like to read poetry
hello. doing well. i've two children, both in kindergarten. how about you?
oh okay
how old are they? i'm 34
i am a real estate agent. what do you do?
i've two kids, kindergarteners, they love it here
they are 8 and 12
no, i work as an real estate agent. do you?
sure! i have long hair and it hurts a lot
that would be great. are you from the united states?
i am retired now and i love to ride horses
i love shopping! do you shop often?
i've no problem with that
i want to look my best. that's the best way
that sounds nice. what do you do for fun?
that's great. what kind of doctor do you practice?
yes, i also like to workout.
i see. i used to be a bodybuilder but that didn't work out
i've one brother, he's a doc.
she is a great doctor. i'm working on my part time as well.
yes i love it. do you like to workout?
what is your major in
that's a noble profession.
i've never ridden one, but i'd like to someday.
i am in california and i love to coplay
not at the moment, i have to work, i'm a cop
no, but i love animals and love to coplay their faces!
i like blue. do you have any hobbies?
no. i'm in school and homeschooled.
no, but i've dyed my hair many times before. what is your favorite color?
no i've not. do you like to travel?
no. i would like to see america first.
i don't work, and my kids eat the cookie dough.
i like my bacon raw, how about you?
sounds like a great plan. you need to eat healthy too
that sounds fun. i like hiking
what do you drive? i am a realtor
my mom is a nurse and my dad is a construction worker.
i have two kids from college
i am a real estate agent. i have 2 kids and a puppy.
hi i am doing great and you
yeah i am a teacher at an elementary school
wow that is great. i like to drive my truck and have fun at church
i drive a ford pickup. what about you?
do you have any hobbies besides sports?
wow, i live in the country but drive a ford pickup. what do you do
i own a business, i also help my family on the side
i've been playing call of duty lately
i'm a law student. i really want to be a lawyer!
well, i don't have a sibling, but i have two older ones
i live in ohio. what about you?
i like to study law. i want to be a lawyer.
travel is good! i've 2 more years until i finish school.
i am also going to college.
i do as well. i'm trying to be successful in my studies.
hello. how are you today?
my husband and i love to watch movies together.
that's a nice place. do you have any hobbies?
do you like watching movies or tv? i prefer to do both.
zoos? what are those?
i go to the movies with my husband. do you like movies?
do you work? i'm single.
thank you. it means a lot to hear that.
i'm doing good. how are you?
what is your favorite color? mine is grey
oh i love my hot rod too. do you have any pets?
i wish my parents were still alive, they were pretty boring.
do you like dancing? i dance in my free time
what are you doing right now?
no i am a mixed race girl
oh i bet you don't like chocolate too
my day is going well, and yours?
i am old, i am in my thirties
so how old are your kids?
i love to go to the park and read!
i do, but i also cook
oh, that is nice, i'm single too, my kids would love it
i drive a big truck
oh man, i'm sorry to hear that.
that is very interesting! i am not into computers or electronics.
i'm sorry! i am color blind and i can not see colors.
i am sorry. it happens. pets are nice.
no, he is in the military.
just happy. married since i was little.
that's a good hobby. i went into the army because of my parents.
i am doing well. how are you?
i know right. the students make me eat granola!
yes it is, we both need it.
six months. i eat a lot of granola though.
do you like the holidays? i'm going to a hallow
i eat granola all the time for breakfast.
i love the fish. my two sons eat them.
i have three sons and a daughter.
my father was in the military, he passed away when i was young
oh that is nice. my name is josie.
that sounds like fun! i just started my new job.
nope. just a big fan of oldies music.
that is too bad. maybe you can find another spouse soon!
oh, so sorry to hear. how long has he been dead?
the man who gave him the cancer he was about to get.
you should. you can get a lot done in five years.
great, just got home from the store
bbq is my favorite. i like to grill it
that's a good job. i like to hunt for old cars
i love to go to the beach, especially during the day.
yes, and i also like watching war documentaries
i like to collect old cars. i am an outdoorsy kind of guy
do you like sports? i love to watch the nfl
what animals do you have
no, i'm just a bodybuilder and a fan of tim mcgraw.
what are you struggling with?
no, but i am in love with my little sister!
my favorite things are my dogs. do you have travel a lot?
egypt? i live in usa, but i've never been there.
do you have any pets?
i am a big wedding guy myself. we could meet at the rose garden.
i'm doing great, how are you?
i'm good just watching tv
not a fan. i am getting married in the spring.
not much anymore. i am a college graduate.
oh, i like sports. do you enjoy sports?
what sport do you like to watch? i like football and ufc.
wow, you must be very busy.
i'm a graduate student! what do you do?
great. i'm hanging out with my dogs. how are you?
i don't know what that is.
yes i do, do you? i've an allergy to them
cool... do you have an internet addiction?
i have a dog, her name is trooper.
24. i don't have a dog.
you are lucky, my wife and i just got an apartment together
i live in california, but i travel to exotic places for my clients.
good, just taking a break from teaching biology at college.
i'm in school. i am just walking my dog.
i have been to six countries. i love them.
i teach biology to little kids.
i love teaching. i teach history at a college.
i have a dog walking business. i love animals!
night. i will be back. i am a teacher and need to finish my biology classes.
you should try it. i like to do it as well.
what are you going to college for?
that sounds like fun! i like to eat granola while i do that.
no they are in college.
do you like to cook? i am a baker
probably not. they have strict dress code. i have one son who dresses up.
i like the color orange.
no he doesn't drive. i am going to college for veterinary medicine.
cool, i love eating granola!
i'm a teacher. i love helping people learn how to play the game.
i like running too. it helps me to get away from my parents
i'm not much of an animal person, i'd rather be a dog person myself.
i'm a teacher and it is important to me to learn new skills.
i like new jersey, i would like to be a teacher
do you have any hobbies?
i don't listen to much, do you?
i don't like him much either.
yes, he's awesome. how about you?
that is awesome! i love tupac.
i am sure you do, i just think that your life would don't revolve around him.
do you like animals? i own a dog.
rabbits?! that's not a pet, but a bunny!
i'm not. he's color blind, but that doesn't mean i'm not a!
no, just a blogger.
rap? what kind of rap?
hello! i'm well, how are you?
i love the movie too, i love the book as well
wow, very cool. i love classic cars
what is your favorite music?
awesome. that is a cool job. i work at a pawn shop.
you don't look very big to me
i love running and reading.
what are some of your favorite things to do?
hi there. i'm a nurse, and you?
that sounds like a fulfilling career.
i am not sure, but i think he's around your age.
i do. i love rap music! my cats and i help each other out.
not really. i like to ride my bike and chill.
i have to get to work first, i just got back from a visit
i've been traveling the world on my two dogs.
i will try to do that, you?
i am good. just playing some video games. you?
i work in a bookstore in florida.
no i don't like to work
cool. do you have a job now?
well do you enjoy music? i love it
oh wow you are a huge person
i try. what do you do for work
hello. i don't. i am in new york.
that's cool! i am model material right now, and i work as a model.
yes, but it is not like we have much to eat.
i do. i work model, model. it pays the bills.
i'm from new york. what about yourself?
no not at all.
nothing really, i work as a model for a clothing company
i hope you are right. i am only 19. i want to be an actor.
i am great, just got home from class
i am fine thank you.
yes, they are. i've a german sheperd
mine is max, we live together.
i bet, my dog would love to eat too. she eats a lot of fish.
i love the beach. do you surf? i've to study, it is my major
haha. maybe i will go with you! what kind of dog do you have?
a mini van. you can find them on amazon.
i am well. how are you?
i am in ohio. where abouts are you
my pet name is nirvana what is yours
yeah i do. it is my favorite hobby
i don't. i am only 25 and i am single.
nice, i have a dog too. do you like dogs?
sure! what kind of food do you like
hi. i am fine, and yourself?
cool, my brothers and i are playing a game of monopoly
wow, that's impressive. my brother and i like to play soccer together.
wow. you are so lucky.
i have a son who is a junior in high school and i love going to the concerts.
very true. what is your favorite color? mine is yellow.
cats are very independent. i like them a lot
good, just finished watching the lord of the rings. you?
i am a freelancer so i don't have to work.
cool i am a huge fan of the lord of the rings series
no, but i love to write them.
the lord of the rings and star wars.
what are you doing today?
that's a great idea. you could make a ton of money playing
i am a huge fan of the lord of the rings
it is going great! i just got done with my environmental studies class. you?
awesome i just bought my first house
cool, do you have any kids
no, i have 2 kids, kindergarten is in the spring, i like to watch them
i am 34 years old and have two kids.
what are you doing today?
i like my dad, but he s boring, we live in the country now
hi! good. i am just an american baby boomer, how about you?
i just started a new job a week ago.
do you have any hobbies?
i have curly hair, how about yours?
i like to do quilts and fish and chips.
no i'm an american so i can not
not close, i live in canada
do you like quilts?
hi, i am doing well. what about you?
i like to watch nhl hockey.
why not? it is a great way to keep fit and keeps your mind active.
oh that is nice. what do you do for a living?
wow, you must be fit! i am married and my wife is a doctor.
i played football. and you?
no, i wish. i'm engaged to a great woman, though.
cool. i am a grad student
i am doing great, i just got back from an arctic adventure. you?
cool. what do you do for a living
that's great. i do a lot of traveling and go to disney world a lot.
no, but i'd love to ice fishing. do you have kids?
well i guess that is makes sense. do you have any arctic explorers?
it is good for you. i like to hunt for them, especially polar bears
oh that is a cool job. what do you do?
that's funny, i was a chemistry teacher
good, watching tv, i read alot too.
i'm a doctor. what about you?
no i had to cook dinner. it was a long day.
that is my favorite food. i'm gonna eat it this afternoon.
pizza. i like pizza.
wow! that is great to hear. i am not very well.
i have a dog, a lab. he's a rescue. do you have pets?
i'm not a fan of pop.
hello, i'm doing great. just got done with my morning coffee.
i am in canada, where are you from?
i love rap, and i like to code.
i'm not big on fashion.
do you enjoy coloring books?
yes, we have a lot in common.
yes. i'm an avid web designer.
i am only 19 but my family is from canada
i'm doing very well. i just started playing video games.
i love reading about different types of music, i also love to play video games
i play guitar, and you?
oh no! that's rough. i play a lot of video games
i like to play video games.
you can still afford shoes, music is what i do.
what do you do for fun? i like to read, watch tv, and cook.
my dog plays a lot of video games. what kind of dog?
hi, i m from new jersey
that sounds like fun. my only leg is a
yes i do. my older leg is still healing though.
what do you do for a living
you should probably get a car
do you own a car
in nyc but i can drive to u. s
california for sure. the mountains are so beautiful
i love cooking and baking but my husband and kids would love to eat.
that sounds like an awesome job!
my husband and i are also married. we own a nice vintage vintage mustang.
i am single too so there's not much going on.
i am a republican so i love to cook for others.
well, maybe if you were a little more considerate, i'll be out in a few weeks
we are all on this together.
that sounds great. what kind of car? i love classic cars.
hello. i'm doing well today. how are you?
nice! i am 13 so no roller coasters for me.
what is your favorite color?
i love to see those! i am a teacher and i volunteer at the bunny rescue line.
i love rollercoasters too!
that's great, i hope you have a great day at school.
nope, but i love rollercoasters, i go to disneyland almost every year
hi. how are you today?
i like to hunt for my long lost arctic explorers
drive, but i am interested in ice fishing
do you have any pets?
what did they do to you
they crave the sweet, sweet taste of coke
green but it depends on the day
i am doing well and yourself?
yes, i am a believer in freedom of religion.
i love to read and walk. i also like to cook. i like to travel.
that is a shame. i am not a smart person. what do you do?
no. i just like to walk. and read. and read about animals.
that is great! i love teaching history. i wish i had someone to travel with.
i love walking. what animals do you have?
a dog walker. my parents are very wealthy bankers.
hi. i am single and in an apartment.
that is a good test! i love those. do you have any pets?
i am going to a dog walking class on the friday.
i rent an apartment and i like to watch movies. i am also single.
i like to travel with my boyfriend, we live in different places now.
i've a dog. he's a great swimmer. do you have pets?
it does. we also have a barbeque pit.
i don't like to scare people
oh okay. i just love band rush. my favorite
that s nice where do you work
you are very kind. i hope you have a good time!
pizza is my favorite food. i love it.
i just love that band. they are so good.
i agree. i love music
what do you listen to
sure thing, whats your cat name?
ok. i am a kindergarten teacher. what do you do for a living?
no. my cats would like to have pets though.
that is ok, i teach kindergarten
do you have any pets?
i'm a bit of a geek too. i love sci fi too
i'm sure he's a great guy. what is your favorite movie?
i've 2 cats myself. they're great.
good! how about you? i'm a pediatrician.
just north of trenton. how about you?
wow! i just got a house! i love it here!
i've kids too! they are great
i am married and have two kids, so we eat a lot of it too.
i am a pediatrician. what do you do?
it is good to exercise, especially at night
i am married with two kids and love to read
i am doing good. how are you?
well i am in the army so i go out fighting all the time
it is. i'm still in high school. i am only twenty.
do you have a pet?
what kind of music do you play? i play a lot of old school rap.
we are a punk rock band, i like the look of the unpainted walls.
running is good, i try to avoid it though as i am a violent person.
i'm a clean eater. i eat healthy.
i am good. just cooking some lasagna with some friends.
oh i love that show, i am watching it right now!
i am not sure i can give you a good recipe because i work nights at a restaurant
i'm unhappy because i don't have a steady relationship with my husband
my husband hates it i tell him he is crazy
i don't have any other hobbies
that is very sad. are you ok
yeah it is, i hope one day they can get married
hello. my dog is called ginger and she's so cute!
i have seen the movie twenty times. do you have a favorite movie?
what is your dog breed?
i have seen the movie ten times. i love that one.
no, just watch the movies and go to disney world.
sorry to hear. i love to model and my dogs name is ginger.
yes. i love taking pictures and teaching them how to model.
good. i work and deliver babies. it is lonely sometimes.
i'm only 35. it is hard being single
well i don't care for crowds i like to stay with people
you sound very healthy
i have two dogs, do you have pets?
i've a baby and a dog.
i am single too but i like to work and have fun
no i don't like traveling, i am single and don't want to be anymore.
i like to work out. and i'm a vegan
that's great. what do you do for fun
that is so sad. how will you afford all your food?
that's sad. do you have any animals?
that sounds like a fun place, i love sushi, it is my favorite food, i don't
i like beans. my dad makes some for me
i'm a gym teacher
hi! how are you doing today?
what do you do for a living?
i used to be a cop. i was scared too. i was a cop when i was young
i was homeschooled, so i was forced to learn to be a cop.
i love writing. i also write for my home library.
that is cool! what is your favorite color?
i am a teenaged girl, i want to be a lawyer
okay. well, you have your opinion.
hello, do you like movies? i write short stories for a living.
what kind of dog do you have? i'm working on a movie for my kids.
i love to watch movies as well. i love the genre.
cool. do you like movies?
that sounds interesting. do you have a job?
i'm not sure. maybe a children's book.
i hope you do. my dog would love it.
good just got home from a walk with my dog. you?
great! how old are you?
i want to be a music teacher or something like that
it is hard to sing when you are pregnant. i sing the national anthem.
i am single. no kids would make me feel sad
why? what happened?
wow your dad is a hero
i like to sing
i love them and i'm studying to be a college student
i am sorry to hear that. i'm glad you are safe
that sounds cool, i collect old movies, especially the french ones
that's nice. do you own any?
my boyfriend and i both like to play sports. i love running.
just stay active and you'll be fine.
i am going to college for a nursing degree.
that's cool i am going to be a teacher
hello! i'm just cooking some burgers. what about you?
well that is good i love dogs
that sounds delicious. i love cooking!
you can borrow mine, i am not allowed on the bed!
oh okay, well that's good then
i am single so i am fine with that
yes, he is. i love him to death.
that would be amazing! i am single too, so i can cook for you!
good. my name is larry and i am a pediatrician.
i eat a lot of beans and rice, but i also enjoy a good steak.
i am married and have two kids with my own. what do you do for a living?
i don't eat it. i've 2 kids and a dog
yes i love the movies as well. what kind of music do you like?
yes i love being outside
my husband is in the army and we are moving for our first child
i am well. i am a michigan fan and i am enjoying the cool night.
i like winter. i love fall too.
i'm a student, i am just managing my time between assignments.
i love metallica. i wish i had a brother
i am in school as well, i'm a music teacher
i do have pets, do you?
that is so cool. i wish i could have pets!
i love spending money! what do you do for a living?
i'm bob
i like to sing and play video games.
that's cool. do you play any instruments?
wow, i'm impressed! i'm allergic to dogs so i don't speak
purple. i love purple. what is your favorite color?
blue! what is yours?
i'm 34 years old. i am allergic to dogs, however.
i did. now i go to church every sunday.
hello i am good and yourself
you have time, celebrate with me, i am a vet.
chemistry! what else are you studying?
i bet. what did you major in?
no i just like to read, do you like that?
i bet! my favorite game is call of duty.
a boy. it is a video game and i play it all the time.
thank you so much. do you have any hobbies?
hi, i am doing great, how are you?
that sounds fun! i love the ocean!
i love to play with my dogs!
i am 30 and i have two kids.
i'm in new york city. i have been exploring since i was eight.
i'm a girl and i live on a boat. do you like to fish?
i have a big family, so we go out to eat a lot.
i like the beach. i play with my friends on it.
hi! i'm doing well thank you. how are you?
i like to hike and camp
i like hiking, my favorite is the red river
i am single with two dogs and a house
that sounds nice. i eat meat. do you?
my parents are very wealthy bankers. they own part of the food bank i work at.
i do too. i love to go hiking and camp in the spring.
thank you so much. i love to write.
i am depressed
i've two cats, i don't have time to take them to the vet.
i've a lot of catnip, i love snuggling with my two cats.
that is awesome. i like baking cookies too.
i'm a writer for an online game.
three, i love them all
the first book is up, the rest will be released over the next few weeks.
i am well. how about yourself?
i've a large collection of teddy bears. how about you?
i have a lot of collectibles. i'm a hoarder.
that is awesome! i like to eat teddy bears.
that is funny, because i also eat a lot of teddy bears and collect them.
i do enjoy the color green. what is your favorite food?
i agree, but i'd rather be at a zoo.
good, how are you?
nice, what do you do for a living?
i'm a professional fisherman, and you?
i have a great home with my parents.
not a fan of it. it takes away from my hard work.
i like to go hiking and camp
i love to watch movies, i've never been much of a tv lover.
i love spiderman
i'm very well. just came back from a walk with my kids.
thank you. i am sure they were lovely people
yes. it is nice to play tennis.
i am a student, so i have a lot of spare time.
that's awesome. i'm not much of an engineer but i do science fiction
retirement? that is exciting. i'm hoping to get a job at a bank.
yes! i hope to have a family someday!
hello! i am going to a concert in my volkswagen.
sure i am going next week to a music concert
i like pizza. my favorite is pepperoni with bacon and black olives.
sure! but i'm not allowed to shave or dye it.
i love dogs they're so fluffy and snuggly.
do you like to travel?
i'm not big on pizza
i love pizza, and my next step is going to college!
i am doing great, how are you?
that sounds like fun. i was just arrested, i was caught for theft.
that is cool. i'm not a good designer though.
yes! i've heard of them. do you like fashion?
i would rather be making music in my spare time and being a fashion designer.
it is ok. it was the best thing ever. he deserved better.
wow! vegan high school sounds like a blast!
for a date.
no pets, but i have great grandchildren. i am so old, they're still calling me grand
i love classic cars like nissan
i have a turtle named spook. he is a german shepherd.
i have never had a house in my life, but it sounds like fun.
that is nice. what is the company?
what kind of animal do you want
that's a good idea. i want a turtle and a cat
i love animals, they're my favorite.
hello. i am doing great. i'm just listening to some music. how are you?
i have a cat and a dog.
no i don't
that's good. do you have any pets?
what do you like to do for fun
so am i, but my dog says otherwise
what do you do for work
i've a few, but i want a big family
i am doing well, just landed at my new house. where abouts are you?
i am in the arctic myself. do you hunt?
i'm in the army. since i left my dad to
i am searching for people who were active in the past, before there were
i don't have any. i am not into animals.
i love food, do you? i like food.
no i haven't. my family has frozen it before though.
not really. i like to explore new parts of the arctic.
i'm not married, i'm single, and i have 6 kids.
i was on the soccer team last year, how old are you?
dogs? how interesting. i have a cat and mouse. do you have a pet?
my dog lucy. i named my cat after my ex boyfriend.
you are right. society is a big ol'meanie.
no. i'm from a small town outside d. c..
oh no! do you like candy? i love it. do you like candy?
i just started singing in a choir. it is very challenging.
i live in the middle of no where. i don't travel.
that's very kind of you.
i do. cats are cool.
i don't read. i just watch movies and listen to music.
it is a good way to stay fit, especially for a teenager!
i'm sorry to hear that. i was just working with
i don't like to cook. i enjoy eating pizza
oh wow. how old are you?
i'd love to see the big apple. i live there now, but was born in manhattan
i'm not much of a travel guy. i love rollercoasters and bars, too.
cool! i'm looking forward to retirement. i'm going to try a new restaurant.
yes i do. i love it. i am also looking forward to retirement.
what kind of health foods do you enjoy?
i am a musician. i try new music.
i love new york. i am retiring in five years.
i teach bio at a college. i also have a large garden.
i teach biology at a school.
no. i am not allowed to own a home here.
no peas. i've to walk the path of life.
yes i do. they're all rescues
no, just been walking in nature.
yes. i do. but i like to walk. do you like walking?
i'm the same way, i love exploring the world and finding lost arctic explorers.
yes. it has been a long time coming.
i read about everything. i try to go on long hikes to find lost animals.
that sounds very interesting. i hope you have a fulfilling life.
do you like to play board games?
that is very interesting. do you have any hobbies?
cool! i hope that i will return to teaching.
i think most atheists are.
hello, i am in the us and you?
wow that's great what do you do for fun
that is good. i like to go to museums.
i teach bio at a college
i like to travel and walk my garden
what kind of things do you like to do?
i agree. i love walking my plants.
well what do you like to do
i am a student, i dropped out of high school and have to work.
i am, but i don't really care about politics.
that is nice i like to run.
no. i just like to run and eat healthy.
i just dropped out of high school. i am a stay at home dad.
yes! my parents don't allow it.
no kids. i am only in my ford raptor.
i'm good, just singing along to some music from my home library
i am. i also sing, i am a professional.
south carolina. where do you live now?
i have been here for a year.
it is good to be a rebel. i sing folk music in my spare time
no, i am not. i am a professional singer.
you will be better. don't give up.
i'm okay. how about you?
i am unhappy with my weight and i want to lose it.
yes i do. i exercise a lot too. it makes me happy.
we eat cat in our country. we have three kids.
i'm sure they do. what is your favorite color
i'm only 5'10
i don't have a job. i work at a pet store.
we ship to canada, it is expensive here
i'm good, just got off work at the army, you?
i want to be a dog trainer. do you like dogs?
yeah, i like working out to stay in shape.
that's awesome. i'm in the army too. i love it
that is nice what army did you served with
what kind of things do you enjoy doing?
yeah, it really does
sorry to hear that. i am a male.
i am fine. where is the beach at?
that is cool. do you have a?
i understand, i work in a pet store, it is very stressful.
yes, they're great. i used to be a cleaner too.
they are indeed! what do you like to do?
i work at a pet store.
no. i like the ocean. do you?
it is a documentary about a man and his family.
hello! just got back from the gym.
well, you do have lovely feet.
i have 2 children. i like to keep in mind, my kindergarten teacher is a woman.
that is interesting. do you have travel?
i like to hike in hikes are my favorite. i live in a huge country.
not really, i just moved here from germany.
yep. it is a great business opportunity.
hello! i love to model cars and go to country concerts
at the museum in florida. what about you
no, but i am hoping to when i get out of school
no, but you can try! what is your> & i am a model, and i model
how much to transplant?
no she adopted him when he was young
i am sure she did... but she was smart not to.
i m single too, but i write books
i love to shop too, i also write them
cool. what kind of nursing do you do?
i understand that, i am an author, i write about everything.
i am not really into fashion, to be honest
single. i like to cook for myself, i don t have many friends
well, that is good, i m sure you don't mind being alone.
hello jo, i am charlie and i work as a stock broker.
my parents are rich bankers, so i sing songs from their books.
no, i live in canada.
i like dogs and i like stocks. what is your fave food?
do you have a dog? my dogs name is charlie.
that sounds like fun. i sing in the backyard sometimes.
my parents have raised me to be a stock broker, so i understand.
hi, i am great, how are you?
that's rough. i wish i had a husband.
do you cook at home? i like to cook for my cats and dogs.
do you have any hobbies?
nope, i don't. i have a dog named trooper though.
we were poor growing up. now we are making our own food.
no, but i do work at a comic book store.
good just got back from watching football
i work as a stylist, what about you
that sounds pretty cool. what do you do for fun?
i love football and watching football on tv
i really love the light grey color that comes with mine
it is, we live in italy, we are so diverse
i'm karen.
my name is lucy, how are you tonight?
i am fine, i live in a small town and have two horses. how about you?
my horses. they're my favorite thing to eat
that's awesome. i'm a singer and i love taylor swift!
i love horses. i am getting married in the spring.
what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
no i don't like scotch. i prefer red wine.
i like anything but action movies.
i like horror movies and she likes taylor swift.
i am great, thank you. what do you do for a living?
i'm just listening to my favorite band. heart. what about you?
well i love the band heart so maybe you can help
yes. i was. i was adopted at a young age.
i'm not saying i don't like the band but it is not my favorite
well i love them too! we are all different. what type of music do you like?
oh i see. i've 5 kids, so they wouldn't like it either.
oh wow that's really cool, thanks for your help!
that sounds very nice. i hope you have a great trip.
i went to school in new york.
i am sure they do. i just got done with a long day at the supermarket.
i like to read as well, it makes me think.
i write for mostly male focused magazines.
that is fine. you should come and visit us.
no, but i have a job as an ad manager at a burger king.
i'm well. where are you from?
i love him too. i was just reading a book about him.
i work for my father in a nursing home. do you?
that sounds very interesting.
i've three children and a husband.
i'm sure you are great. i love music.
that is great. i am a music teacher in the south.
three years. she cheated me though and left me with three of my sisters.
hi, i am a teacher in kindergarten. do you have any hobbies?
yes i sing, i also workout a lot.
no. i like to swim and do kayaking.
i read it. i love it. i workout every day.
i'm a teacher, and i love it! i also love cars!
yes. it is great to have in your classroom.
yes. i am a teacher. it is a passion of mine.
no, i have a big family
sure! do you have any pets?
i am from italy. do you like pizza? i love pizza.
do you have pets
i'm 26 and love walking
no. i like to eat italian. what is your favorite type of food?
what about your dog? what is it?
i'm tired. i used to be in the military.
i've a toyota prius and i love it! i am only 45.
oh ok i'm not a fan of shoes so i only have one
my only leg is a modded one
it was pretty boring. they were all pretty smart and i'm an old man
yes. i'm old. in the military. i didn't graduate high school.
yes i am. i am an old man now
oh ok well i'm glad you understand i wish you all the best
i am great, i just got home from work at my restaurant. how are you?
it is a good way to unwind. do you work?
what is your favorite food? mine is papaya.
horror, but i don't like the genre.
i like pizza, do you like pizza?
cool i don't play much
oh wow! i don't like to admit it, but i don't like pizza
do you work? i work at papa johns now, but i read a lot of r
hi! i am a vegan who loves bacon and watches cooking shows.
that is wonderful. i wish i could have been more involved in helping people in need.
no. i don't have a pet.
what kind of animals do you have?
do you like to cook? i make some great potatos
what did you major in
i am an engineer, but i also enjoy eating bacon and talking in english.
yeah you are right. i am not a big fan of foods
hey! not bad, just listening to some new music. you?
that's great! i love color. what do you do?
yeah i'm into sports
that is so cool, do you have kids?
you should try to go kayaking
that is cool. i hike and camp and eat meat
strawberries, i like strawberries
she likes to hike and play in the woods.
i am teaching biology at a college.
i teach high school chemistry.
that sounds nice. i teach biology at a college.
very cool. my husband and i travel a lot as well.
i've a dog. he's a mutt.
that's ok. do you have a job?
no, that's why i am teaching biology at a college. how long have you been doing that
sure, i could help teach you some.
good, you? i am gardening and you?
my favorite color is purple
it is refreshing, but the water is very salty.
my dad has a purple and silver bucs helmet. what do you have?
nice. i went to the ou for computer science.
i believe in myself and i have a lot of faith in god
i don't think i could live without it
i love pizza, and blueberries, what is your favorite color?
hi, i'm from canada, what about you?
i have not heard of online dating. i would like to try it
that's funny. my friend who was adopted got one when he was a kid.
that is cool. i don't have any friends.
i like it. i wish i had friends to play second life with.
it is very dated, but i still like it.
i'm glad you say that because it sounds really off putting.
yeah it seems to have gotten worse.
hi. i love rap music. i also love being active.
just playing video games. i am in college to become a nurse.
i like rap a lot. i listen to it all the time.
i like to workout a lot and hang with my buds.
i am in college studying education. do you like to play sports?
horses are beautiful horses. i love them.
i am a music major in college, do you like rap music?
no. i am still in college. studying.
hello. i am retired.
wow you are far away then i am, i live in canada.
i don't believe in god, i prefer being a administrative assistant
i am so sorry. i am glad you are safe.
i don't play softball because i'm scared of getting hit
i love oldies, especially the soundtrack to the olympics.
i like old school hip hop. i do enjoy a good pizza.
do you play any sports?
good. i just got home from work. how about you?
i am a freelancer. what do you do?
it can be hard at first. i started with a single mom. she was the librarian.
i like to drink scotch while working.
i love scotch, and drinking scotch to relax.
i write sci fi for my living. you?
no, i am not into animals much.
i have never seen it. is it a childrens show?
i'm great, just taking a break from studying for a class.
nope, just enjoying a nice cup of coffee and relaxing with my dogs. you?
i teach jj, and i'm still new.
that is so sweet of you.
it is definitely an interesting game.
i teach martial arts in the community.
i would love to try some honey bunnies.
ok, i'm doing great! i'm glad they are both dead.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm mixed race and i live on a mixed race island.
that sounds like fun i am mixed race so i am not great at cooking
dancing is fun, but i prefer being with my dog and sister.
oh nice. i live on edris island with my parents. they're both alive.
i don't mind it. my sister has two dogs, i love them.
i am mixed. my parents were both mixed.
yes i pulled my tag. it was a very nice day
i'm going to go see my favorite rock band.
sure. what would you like to know?
we could. i am currently in a call center.
no i don't. i am a clean eater, and i love eating fresh produce.
not really, working as a michigan manager is my full time passion.
do you like to kayak? i kayak.
no one i've ever met has!
i'm from a small town outside of memphis, tn.
that's cool. i grew up on a farm, we had farms.
well i grew up on a large farm. it is a pain being away from home.
i'm a big reader and i'm only 28.
i love to read and play video games.
i am. i have 7 children and a husband.
do you have any hobbies? i love mystery.
i'm from a small town, outside michigan. i just want to have fun with my
i am good and how are you?
i play music. you?
what type of technology?
that is nice. what is your job?
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i love music and playing it while on the road.
i never finished highschool. i was always too busy jamming to music
they sure are! i'm the lead singer of the band they're in.
i am great, how are you?
i love to play tennis! i try to get a break from the gym.
oh cool i love reading books and learning new things
what did you do before?
i like playing the violin and the guitar
oh wow, i love wasabi too
yes, it does have a high price, but i love trying new stuff
i've a cousin that is 17 and a cousin that's 34.
i'm a single mom, two boys and a dog.
do you enjoy music? i love music. i love music and my 2 kids.
the who! how are you this evening?
me too! i hike with my boys, i like to ride them too!
i usually just listen to music while i hike
i live in ohio. i like to hike and listen to the birds.
well, you could run from the park. do you travel a lot?
sounds like my kind of place.
i'm good. i just started writing my short stories.
i love scotch, i also like a nice glass of neat neat when i'm relaxed.
i have never heard of nurse outfits.
i like stories for a living, do you like horror movies
i work at a nursing home.
no she's with my best friend and we live together
she has a golden retriever, his name is trooper
that's funny, my dogs are terrified of clowns too
i am doing great. my computer science degree is really helping me
that must have been very scary.
i am sorry to hear that. my mother is very traditional.
color blindness is real. i am a surgeon, what did you do?
yes i do, but i am afraid of dogs, they're scary.
it is tough. but i do what i can.
i love cats and have two of them. i like to play with my dolls.
do you like animals? my mom is a veterinarian and i love animals.
hi. how are you doing? i like dogs.
that's cool! do you have any hobbies?
do you like animals? i love cats and dogs. do you have any pets?
that is cool. i love stickers, they are my favorite.
well, i love music too, but i am a bit of an animal lover.
that sounds like a lot of work. i love animals and teach them to cook.
i watch it on demand. i love it! i love italian
i love cooking shows! i try different ones every week.
good, just got done watching my favorite sport. football. you?
that s ok. i m still in high school.
ok that makes sense. thanks for clearing that up
i like sports but i am a college graduate
what type of law?
i m sorry about that
oh ok that s good i am engaged and married
i m sorry to hear that
i'm doing good, how about you?
i'm in school and just got back from surgery. i'm five feet and counting.
yes! i am a musician, i love to eat meat, but i also like music.
my mom used to tell me to get on a strict diet
my family has 4 siblings.
i hope they do. i have 4 siblings.
i've 4 siblings. i'm 5'10. any siblings?
yeah, it sure is. i love meat.
i'm well, and you?
cool. i love to play second life.
they're in alabama. we went to a furry convention here in alabama
i like small town life. i live in new york city.
i work on a second life called second life where i play with animals
that's a great job. do you have pets?
that is awesome! do you have pets?
i have a farm. i live in the country.
i like all kinds of music. what about you?
i am. i am a bmw. what color do you like?
that is sad, my little sister is adopted
i am sorry a bunny rescue. i'm very sorry.
well i don't like to be people, i like to live with my little sister who is also
do you have any pets?
that is funny. my sister named her rabbit taylor swift
my little sister is a model and she makes some really cute watches!
my family is so diverse and diverse, it is scary to see how many different groups exist.
nice to meet you too. i'm just getting in from work as an accountants.
i love hiking! i am single and live in ohio.
oh! i like kids, especially little ones.
my boyfriend and i hike together a few times a week.
i am single so no kids. i am just an accountant.
no i don't. just my 2 boys.
we have a garden, i'm just not a fan of gardens. do you have a favorite activity
yes, i'm a mom, but i am also a father. and a gardener. and
i am good how about you?
i am a huge fan of lee singull
so you are the one that i'm thinking about.
do you think trump is a bad person
yeah, i'm a teacher too and i love teaching
i teach 6th graders and i love them
i work as a kindergarten teacher
i try to stay away from food. i eat only salads.
wow! congratulations! my son loves dogs, he's four.
that is amazing! i love those movies. what do you do?
cool, i love to model my cars.
i like models. what kind of animals do you have?
i love that movie, i eat it for breakfast.
yeah me too! i want to see a live action movie
i think the ginger snaps in two
i think it was from all the swimming in the pool
i'm good, how are you?
i've two dogs, a pitbull and a chihuahua
i work as an attorney and deal with clients.
i do, but i am afraid of heights.
i am an attorney, and my family is from oklahoma.
i live in oklahoma. i like dogs too. what state are you in?
did you eat the cat?
i am doing well, how are you?
i work nights and he does not. i'm very unhappy.
i'm unhappy with my life and weight. i am so fat.
i'd love to cook some time. i'd love to try that out.
do you have pets? i've 3 children
i am a great chef i can make everything!
i sing a lot. but sometimes i forget.
no, but i love cooking and my husband does a great job
good, just finished my morning coffee. what about you?
i am sorry to hear that. my wife takes everything i build with my bare hands.
i'm divorced and have two kids.
how cool! what do you study?
i will probably go to the gym more. what are you going to do?
i don't know what, but i will get. what do you want to do?
what do you do?
wow that's cool, do you have a collection
i am good. i am thinking about going to college.
i'm a custodian to be exact. what is do you like to do?
thank you. i'm a huge fan of strix. he's my favorite artist.
i like to making time stop. i play dead end jobs like mcdonalds.
i have been trying all over. do you like it?
you have any hobbies?
wow! that is a lot of hard work
i am doing well thank you. just finished making some hats for my babies.
that sounds like a lot of fun! i am going to knit a hat for a baby
do you like to travel? i am unable to work because of a disability
i knit hats for disabled people in the hospital.
do you knit? i do hats for babies.
i love to knit! i also knit scarves for my dogs.
that is exciting. i am unable to work at a job due to a disability.
i like the way you think. i am working on a hat for a homeless shelter.
i'm great, how about you?
i want to have fun with my friends instead of looking at things too much
i've never had a horse but i would love to someday
you must not be married
i've never heard of that. is there a story
what type of pills do you take? i've to keep my mouth to a bare minimum.
i understand. you should try to find one that is.
yes i do have a full mohawk
i am good. i just got back from work.
that is awesome! i am allergic to a few things, but shellfish are not one of them
i am allergic to fish.
i'm from ny. where are you from?
yes. and i am allergic to fish. do you like fish?
yes, it is a job for sure!
i like to go out and explore and hunt.
i work for a company that rents the land to hunt on.
it is a good way to relax.
i eat anything that moves. what about you?
do you like sports?
well, i love dogs and cats and dogs and cats.
that is a lot of animals. do you have a job?
my mom is a doctor. she says its okay.
well that's cool. i have three dogs and two cats.
i am well, how are you?
that's great! i'm old and disabled. i am only 35.
i love mpg. i'm old and have limited options.
well, i used to have a motorbike but i sold it.
i can, but it is hard. my one leg is so tired from riding everywhere.
i was disabled for years before i got a new one.
yes. it is very unusual.
they were my classmates. what are you doing today?
great just came back from work. what do you do for a living?
i just got back from canada. i'm just listening to country music while working.
it is a great place to visit if you are in the area.
it is! i'm just trying to figure out where to take my dog
i am a programmer for a game company. what do you do?
what do you do for work?
i work in web development, i'm a fan as well. do you enjoy the outdoors?
i'm doing great! just got back from a run.
i am very excited about the upcoming school year. do you have any pets?
no i don't have any siblings
oh nice! my cat would love that. what kind of music do you play?
oh that is cool. i love shopping. do you have pets?
i work at a pet store.
wow! that's exciting! i love food! i've 2 dogs and a cat.
well i do like to play chess with my cats and dogs
hello. i'm doing very well. how are you?
i am retired and i love to walk.
it is about to get dark here. just a little windy.
i'm in florida. i've never been outside of ohio.
i'm retired so i don't go anywhere.
i am retired, i don't like it
i love cats and have two.
hello. i'm well. my name is larry.
i like to dance. my brother does too.
yeah, and i'm vegan
i love rap, my father also has a big stereo
i love sushi, my favorite
i like the color orange
yes i love hiking and camping! do you have any pets?
well, i do have a volkswagen, it is my favorite car
i love dogs. i train them to sing too. do you have any hobbies?
i do, my dog is a lab. i'm training her to run like a dog.
what do you mean in this case?
that's sad, but good for you. i hope to be a doctor one day.
i want to be a lawyer.
yes, i am sure you will.
yeah, but i would like to be a physical therapist.
i grew up in ohio.
what is your favorite food to eat outside of the states?
that is a good way to look at it. i hate my life.
cool... are you a professional athlete?
wow, i've never heard of that before.
no, they're not. i have been married four times, four times with three different women.
i am a dog walker. what do you do?
marketing, but i have been married 4 times.
hi, i am doing well. i am just exploring the arctic.
i love to cook and eat ice cream while watching nascar racing
sports are fun. i like to explore the arctic and hunt for food.
do you have any hobbies besides hunting?
i'm a teacher of arctic explorers as well
it was very interesting. i am going to go explore more.
it is very cold. i am an arctic hunter.
i agree! do you like ice fishing?
no i am in college studying to be a veterinarian
that sounds exciting. i wish i was still in kindergarten. i wish i still had my friends.
i had a burger, fries, and ice cream. i love ice cream.
i am sorry to hear that. i love donuts and travel, you?
do you like sports? i play soccer, i love it
i am glad to hear that, i hope your feet heal soon
wow, what was the surgery for?
wow! i wish i had that kind of money
hey there! not much, i just like to look at blocks and sing about letters
i don't like crowds, they are always waiting to me,
yes, but i don't have any money to go with it
i hope so too. i want children.
well, that is your prerogative.
i like pizza a lot and i eat a lot
i've a cat too, he's pretty cool.
yep. i eat italian food too, i am an omnivore
i'm okay. how are you?
yes i do, my job is cleaning out cages at a research facility.
i understand that, i am only five feet so i am a lot of work
i have never been to a remote area before, i am very new to this country
it is a mix of both, but i love to explore and see the city
do you have any pets?
very true. i just moved here from a small town, so everything is familiar.
i agree. i like to listen to the birdsong when i clean out the cages
i'm good, how are you?
i am an arctic fisherman. i'm going to hunt for food.
i do, i'm a teacher and i enjoy teaching.
hunt. i want to be a lawyer. i am a descendant of christopher columbus.
i spend a lot of time with my husband. i miss him.
i watch them on tv but i like to hike and explore on the way
what kind of shows do you like to watch?
sometimes but i'm not a fan of it
i've been playing video games all day.
i don't, i am just a graduate.
that is a great game. i like board games too. what is your favorite game?
i'm not much of a reader, but i've a pet cat named arizona
he will need a bigger board game library than i have.
thank you. he is a sweetie, too.
that is good. do you play board games?
good. i'm just watching the super bowl.
i am good. i love winter, its my fav. season.
cool, i love animals. my parents are always complaining about the cold outside, you
i'm going to try that
i am a party animal, i love b, the season is so chill
i am 26, you?
i am 24, do you have any hobbies?
doing well. just got back from a run. how are you?
nothing. i ate a pizza
yes, i am a big reader. my sister is a blogger for the vegan lifestyle.
i like to read but i am color blind and have to read a lot.
i love to play board games with my sister
i do believe that they do exist and i'm trying to achieve that
i think that they do. maybe the secret is out
i'm sorry. i'm color blind and my brother is a body builder.
good, i just moved here from mississippi. i am 34.
i am 34, have been working for 12 years now.
i know. but, they're so adorable.
oh wow, that is a lot of kids.
i am 34. and i have been working since i was 16..
i do love a good red.
well that is a good outlook! i'm still in school.
it is just the alcohol poisoning.
hello. i am from the usa. i am a graduate student
i'm 25. what about you?
i grew up in pennsylvania, and then moved south for work. i miss the mountains.
gymnastics. i play it professionally.
soccer is my favorite. i'm married.
that is good. what do you like to do for fun?
i don't eat much meat because i am a college graduate.
pizza with vanilla ice cream
i live in a three storey house with my parents.
i work in fast food, and i dropped out of high school for not eating meat.
that is a lot! my apartment has a treadmill. i run there.
no. i don't do anything special outside of my work.
i love horses, and i've a lot of respect for horses.
bk is okay but i don't like animals. do you work there?
you need to eat more than once.
it is. i am a big runner.
i am doing good. i just finished coloring my room a rainbow.
he's a good singer. i like him a lot.
yes. i love them so much. i live with them in my little corner of the world.
he really is. i met him in person.
are you a girl or boy
do you hike? i do. i also like to read about people who have been rescued.
you need to relax. i am color blind and live with my little sister.
yes it is. my sister loves it.
i have a dog............?!?!
i am sorry to hear. do you like cats? i adopted one recently
i work in the human services field.
he sure can, we have adopted a ton of them this year.
i've adopted a cat from a shelter
i understand that, i have adopted a cat recently and it scared me
do you work in a store?
yeah, my mom wanted me to go to school too.
i like to eat hamburgers and french fries while listening to country music.
yeah it was vegan, i love it here.
oh my god i love country music, especially when i'm not cooking!
that's sad. my kids love to go hiking with me.
oh nice! do you have any hobbies? i am a stay at home dad.
they sure are. what do you like to do for fun?
well at least you don't have any kids
veggies are healthy. my boys love carrots
hi how are you? what do you do for a living?
nice! i am a bodybuilder, i try to be as close to my target weight as possible
that is awesome! i just built my first house so we will see how it goes
it is very hard
no pets. i am a competitive body builder.
no i don't. maybe one day.
wow very cool i like that. i work at the supermarket
it is a construction company, they build and test vehicles
i am doing good. just finished my daily workout. how about you?
my day was great, thanks to my dog. you?
that sounds nice. i just got back from my walk.
what is your degree in? i want to study nursing
i do, i've a german shepherd named barnaby and a black lab named katie
well i can teach you how to be a better dog lover then i teach my cats.
i have never had a burger. maybe i should.
i am so tired. i just ran for three miles!
good. just got done working out.
i work as a model. my dream is to work as an actress.
nice, my dream is to work as an actress.
that is very interesting. i sing and model for a living. i am single too.
no, but i've a dog who i love like my own child.
cool. i am single, and i don't want kids.
yeah that is a great job
what kind of music do you sing?
i am great. just finished a workout.
i like the band heart. they were my favorite band when i was in high school.
my father was a firefighter during the ww2 occupation.
i am sorry to hear that. are you ok?
i'm just enjoying my late night snack, fried eggplant.
my dad is a homemaker and helped me escape when i was of...
well, i am a teacher and a father of three, what did you not like about your work
that is good, my kids are girls, i love them very much.
yes please. i want to become a designer. what is your favorite thing?
i'm a fashion designer, i'm always hiring
you can still design them!!
cool! i just want to be a fashion designer
you will, don't worry. he is my boyfriend.
it is a creative pursuit for me.
i love starbursts! i ate a dozen today.
that is funny! i've never heard of that before
i'm good! how are you? i'm currently in school.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have siblings?
what kind of teaching? elementary?
my sister likes the same. i am currently a school teacher
yeah, but he is a little short. i am 5 10
my parents are so wealthy they named me twice. i am so proud!
oh ok. what do you do for fun?
hi! i've a kids and a husband and three kids.
that is okay, do you have any kids?
well my wife and 3 kids would like to learn
i like to play with blocks and string
yeah. i'm going to a casino today. i hate the traffic.
its a lot of talking but it makes me relax
it is fun. but my wife and kids are a lot of fun.
i have been playing a lot of starcraft lately
i'm great! just finished a nice long walk with my dog.
that is interesting, i have a lot of stickers from around the world.
no, just stickers, i love them. i try to read poetry every morning.
it is very cute. my dog is a lab mix and loves him very much.
i'm sure it is. i'm not much of a dog person. do you hike?
not really. i like nature more. what is your favorite type of music?
i like horror movies. i'm currently looking for a new job.
i am learning how to be a professional writer, i want to be a portrait artist.
i'm good just got home from my weekly hike.
that sounds fun. i have two kids, they're great too
nice! i'm single, just got done with tax season and my mom is coming to see me
well, i really don't know
i am a single dad with two kids and counting.
i am a single parent so we are good on that end
no not really, i just like to drive around in my honda civic
i am doing good. how are you?
that is great. what kind of bball do you play?
nice, i am a teacher in my free time. do you know the game ark?
no i don't. i just love ice fishing
oh sounds like fun. i like to go hiking when i can. do you hunt for food.
what is your family name?
that is nice. i am an arctic explorer.
awesome. i'm not a huge gamer, so i don't know a lot about those
i am doing well. how are you?
do you like dogs or cats?
yeah, i'm in my late thirties. i love cats and write about them.
dogs rule. i am the same way.
my family does not celebrate christmas
that is funny i have 2 cats i love them alot
yes. i am a writer, mostly in romance.
i've never been out of ohio. what do you do for a living?
i'm from california but i'm moving to new york city next year.
i am moving to new york to pursue my acting career.
thank you. you too! you seem to be doing very well.
i love new york city. i hope to move there.
that's cool. do you like movies?
yes. i love the cold. it is why i am moving to new york.
i am moving from california to new york city next year.
i am good how are you
what are you reading?
that's cool. i just work at an apartment.
i've been to cleveland. do you have any hobbies?
no. i work at fast food. i am a waitress.
it is a very complicated subject. i'm still in high school.
it never does. do you work at a bar?
ok, so you dropped out of high school to work in fast food?
hello, it is going great, how about you?
i understand. i'm a gymnast myself.
i love roller coasters and eating is that what you do for fun?
that sounds like fun! i!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i will. i am a huge nerd fan. i have a t shirt with his face on it
i go to tae kwan do. i am the only one there.
i don't think i've ever been there.
good. playing video games and watching tv.
i like to play chess.
i'm a model and i love to build spacehips.
wow, that is a lot! i just finished my degree in science!
yes, it is very fun. do you have any hobbies?
i am going to college to become a computer programmer.
video games, especially roleplaying games
what kind of games do you play?
i am doing good and yourself?
oh, you are a gamer? i do build my spaceship, sometimes.
that sounds like fun, i am in the middle of a building a spaceship.
i'm sure you will be fine. i'm a nerd too
i am a model and i build houses
that is awesome! what kind of games?
i like to eat baked goods
do you have a lot of spare time?
i am good, how are you?
oh ok. i am a male with a dog named rob.
i am not from mississippi. i was just visiting.
no, i don't have any kids. do you?
that's so cool! my dog is a puppy. what is your favorite color?
i agree. i don't care for my current occupation.
i bet you are right. do you have any pets?
you should try to get a dog then.
i'm great, how are you doing?
me too! i love animals. my farm is filled with them.
you have kids? i've 7 and i love them
yes, it is great fun, i do play it a lot.
so you are saying its not for everyone?
i understand. i am a big fan of mystery
do you like to read?
i am not sure if i should be excited or sad about this.
i am doing well. just came back from a walk with my best friend. how are you?
i like hip hop. i also like classical music, especially taylor swift.
well that's your opinion and i respect it.
i see, i'm sorry to hear that.
i'm in high school. what grade are you in?
that is awesome. i want to design clothes for people.
that is great! i want to design a dress.
hello. i am great. i'm well.
i am well, thank you. how are you tonight?
i'm not married but i do love a nice big house with kids
that is so exciting. i grew up on a farm with my father.
cool, my parents farm so we don't have cows.
i grew up on a large farm. i love the smell of the flowers.
what kind of novel is it?
i see. that is a pretty cool idea.
i sure did. my parents were both very supportive.
i don't think it would work, since my parents are very traditional.
do you have any hobbies? i love to explore new parts of the city.
i am an artist, so i spend a lot of time cleaning out cages.
you must have been raised very well.
i know it is. but i am still alive!
well they sure did not want you growing up in a orphanage.
i love to write, mostly thrillers and mystery. you?
lol sounds like a great job
yes. and i love to cook it
do you have a smartphone
i do too. i am married and have two kids.
lol do you have pets?
i understand. i love cats, and have two of them.
i will try. they keep trying to eat my bacon.
i'm great. just finished teaching biology at a college. you?
that is why i have to walk more.
sure. what do you want to know?
i am a teacher at a college, so i have time.
that is good. i love to learn new things about myself.
no. i've to teach biology at a college
i am from ohio too! i was just there a week ago.
i'm a bio major, so it is hard to find time to travel.
hello. i just got done eating. i love the beach!
nice. do you have any pets?
i love the beach. i just got my nails. i am eating them now.
i like the beach, and i just got my nails done.
no. but i love the beach! my parents have a car salesman.
i am on a diet now. my nails are getting long and i eat too much.
i am sorry to hear that. my dad was a salesman, he sold cars.
well i'm off to get some healthy food. my diet is strict.
good. i'm cooking some paella, and you?
oh! i am listening to her now!
nice, horses are cool. i like to read.
i have 3
no, i've a male dog
that is great! i want to have a big family
i love to cook meals.
i play a lot of call of duty, fallout, and starcraft
sure! i am not a big fan of insects though.
i'm not alone anymore, i've a friend.
why would you do that to me
yeah, but i want to talk to you about something.
i like bach, i love bach.
what kind of music do you like?
i don't either, but i'm an engineer
i am fine thank you. i am just an average baby boomer.
nice, i love watching tv my favorite show is friday
it is very sunny today.
quilts and curtains are my favorite. i also love to quilt.
i don't but i do like quilts
i love reading. i also love the color black. what do you do?
i wish my parents would have published a book. i love reading.
i am from new york. i love to go to the beach! where are you from?
i do! my parents don't like it. they say i'm too big.
yeah i do eat kosher food, i just like to more kosher stuff
i am a teacher so i love to be around people and help them learn.
that's cool, what kind of shows you watch?
i like to swim, i live in a small pool so its great for swimming
i'm 60, i like old school hip hop, like kenny chesney and stuff
boy, i am a big guy and he is a little girl
good, how are you doing?
wow, i love music, i love musica
cool. my sons like to go hiking in my spare time
you sound like a fun guy. i am a single dad, and i love wearing suits.
you are right, i need to get out more!
that's awesome. i love bands. i like to play guitar and sing.
i have one little sister and she's a real handful.
i have two boys, one is 9 and the other is 13
hi! i am great, i just saw the movie! how are you?
oh no! do you have any hobbies?
that's cool. i'm a little deaf, so i'm unable to listen to gospel music.
do you have any pets?
i did. my retriever is ginger and he s my everything
yes. we've seen the movie ten times
that is so cool. i'm not much of a fan of animals
oh nice. do you knit?
i am great. i am watching horror movies with my family. you?
i was born and raised in north carolina, but i live in south carolina now
yeah i was born in alabama, but i live in usc now
what do you do now?
i'm a singer, not an animal person
i like watching horror movies. are you a big fan?
you should, its amazing what you can find in the dessert.
yeah but i am a singer and i like to act
i am fine thank you. how are you?
i volunteer with a local red cross. i clean up after them volunteers
i volunteer at the local bunny rescue.
i have a total of five
oh wow, i have never heard of tiny kitties.
do you have any pets
my parents named me and my mom after the famous war photographer
what is your favorite color? mine is green.
hello, i'm good and yourself?
yeah that sounds painful
i love rap, and i love cats, do you have any pets?
wow, that is very sad. do you have any pets?
do you work out? i like working out.
i like working out. what do you do?
i like the ocean, especially in the winter.
it is a beautiful place
i'm doing good, how are you?
that's cool. what state? i'm from ohio
i'm going to law school next year
anything that will make me happy, i do well at it
thanks, do you have any pets?
i'm going to the club on friday, it is my favorite
do you have pets?
what is your favorite show?
i love shopping. what is your favorite kind of shopping?
i don't have any pets. do you have any?
that is a pretty name for a cat.
yes it will, i cannot wait to work there.
wow! congratulations! my sister is single too, she lives next door to me.
yeah, i do my part every day, do you have a job?
those are fun too. do you have any hobbies?
i like to take walks as i am a nurse
nothing really. just chatting with my brother. you?
wow. that's interesting. my older brother worked at the same company.
what kind of animal do you have?
i don't have time for knitting, i'm a manager, what do you do?
i listen to them while i work, it is nice.
metallica are my favorite band and i love working in a marketing role
i grew up with folk music and then fell in love with the band metallica.
i grew up in the midwest so i've always liked winter weather.
i am doing well, just got back from walking my dog. how are you?
i live in ohio. where are you?
i have a dog and a turtle, i'm scared of heights.
i've a german shepherd too! his name is taylor!
i live in the cloud. i like to go hiking and camp.
that is very nice. do you like animals?
i love to play soccer. do you?
i'm not religious but i love to play it
good. i'm looking forward to retiring soon.
wow that sounds exciting! what do you do there?
cool! what do you do for work?
i understand. i am an assistant and work in a bar to
i am getting ready to retire in five years, wish me luck.
yeah, but i'm looking forward to retirement.
i hope so. i really want to retire in five years.
i am doing pretty good. just shopping for clothes.
i love shopping, i've been since i was sixteen years old.
cool. what kind of dogs? i've a pitbull.
i am 26 and i love dogs and shopping!
well, i am in between jobs right now so i guess that counts.
i'm so happy for you! you have time make time.
i am currently a school nurse. i love it!
i'm doing pretty good how are you?
yum! i love cooking, do you have a favorite restaurant?
no, i just work with my husband on a construction site.
i work in administration, it gets tiring.
i am trying to relax. i am in an administration role.
yes. i try to get out of the house as often as possible.
yes, i like to play tennis and oldies music.
i am very well. i just watched football on tv.
what a snake! i hate my yard!
my dogs would not have caught the snake if it wasn't for you, my three dogs
i like to watch football. i have three dogs.
i don't know, maybe. maybe it is a family thing?
i like conservative. i have to look that way. do you do anything for fun?
it is my favorite holiday.
i am watching football sunday with my 3 dogs.
i'm doing well thank you. what do you do for a living?
yeah. thanks for asking. it is raining here but it is okay.
i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite food?
that sounds very professional, do you have any pets?
yes, i've a cat and a dog.
that is sad. do you like music?
so you are a nurse?
i like to knit
hi, i am from michigan, where abouts are you?
i was raised on a large horse ranch. i love working with horses.
i am a music professor at a university.
i like working with horses on the ranch.
i work with horses on a large horse ranch. do you have hobbies?
oh no, i'm sorry. what is your job?
oh wow! what do you do for fun?
hello, how are you doing?
that's great. i love kids, so we need healthy ones!
that's cool! i'm not really into music but my kids would like some jazz.
i understand. what do you do for a living?
that sounds like fun.
i'm sure you will. do you have kids?
yeah it is a great place to visit.
hi, i am retired and like to sew.
i love country music. how about you?
i am from the usa. what about you?
i am not, i am a retired bank teller.
do you like to travel? i do. i've two cats.
yes it is. i also make a huge batch.
yes i do. but i also enjoy a glass of wine when its time to unwind.
my cats and i like it together
good! how are you doing?
that sounds like fun! what did you learn?
i'm a girl too, i'm going to college for nursing.
i am a hair stylist. what is your favorite holiday?
i bet you are a great person.
do you like football? i love football.
i don't like to eat bread! i am a hair stylist.
i have a ton of those and gingerbread men in my house!
hi. i'm good. i used to drink a lot but now i stop.
i love to gamble, but i am not really into sports.
oh well, my kids are pretty cool, we've 2 kids
i used to think that too, then my wife found out i was a carpenter
i am not being rude, just sayin
yeah it is, i love to play the game.
thank you, i just started to play again. it is very rewarding.
yes, i do, but now i quit drinking.
hello i love to be an actor.
that sounds cool. i want to be an actor when i get out.
that sounds pretty cool.
mine is rascal flats
i like to eat pink floyd. i am going to college for an acting degree.
i have 2 cats. they're my babies.
i think cats are cool too. do you like dogs?
yes, it will be good for you, if you can handle the trauma.
hi, i'm great! i just got home from a trip to europe. you?
i do both. i work in it so i love travelling
no, but i do like to shoot them.
yes i'm close to them, i work with them a lot
i am glad to hear that. i work in an office. what do you do?
it sure is, it sure is.
it can be hard being a christian in a world full of atheists
that would be wonderful. i hope you have a good weekend.
i love beer, but i am a huge coffee lover.
i don't. i travel a lot and have been to spain.
what is your favorite color?
yes it is, i am working as an ad.
i got fired and moved to canada
no. my kindergarten friend had a party last night. it was pretty awesome.
i see, so you are a travel companion?
yeah, it can be, but i am glad i came to america.
i hope you have a great night. i hope you have an awesome wedding.
i like the outdoors too, but i'm afraid of heights.
no. i don't fish. i have never tried.
i am afraid of heights. do you like lawyers?
you should. i am afraid of heights and would like to live somewhere warm.
i can only hope. do you enjoy exploring the universe?
i have heard that hunting can help bring back memories.
i've caught a few. not all are great, but still
hi brian. i am doing great! what are you doing?
i'm still new to this, do you like it?
oh no! i'm sorry that is so frustrating!
well that's just silly, she will be a teacher soon
i teach at a local high school
i'm learning jiu jitsu and want to teach.
history, i want to become a teacher.
i am a teacher so i do all sorts of volunteer work
i'm good, how about you?
oh that is sad. do you like dogs?
wow! i am single and am married.
i see, what is your favorite type of music?
i'm single and a woman, i don't think i'll be getting married soon.
i am single and looking for a roommate
what kind of food do you like?
i like music as well. my favorite station is 99. how about you?
i'm doing pretty good, how are you?
well, i have a degree in science. do you?
i have 3 girls, and my mother is a doctor.
my mom is also a doctor. i met her at a barnes and noble.
i have been playing computer games since i was little.
i would definitely try. what do you do?
yeah maybe i will. do you have a job?
sounds fun. i have to sleep soon. my mom is a doctor.
i like to eat lots of meat. do you?
oh i see. well do you? i love cooking with my kids.
i am a teacher. what do you do?
cool! my brother is in the military so we go to the same gym
my sister cooks a lot of it. i eat it a lot too.
i like to watch nascar racing.
that's a good way to look at it
my mom is a secretary, i help her out alot.
doing pretty good. how about you?
i just finished up a chapter of the lord of the rings. how about you?
well that is what i do. i also like to read and watch the lord of the rings.
oh wow, that's crazy. i am not much of a reader.
yes i have done it before. do you like it?
i'm a huge fan of the lord of the rings books.
yes, but i also like to binge on lord of the rings.
i'm from new jersey. i'm a fan of britney spears.
well, my mom lives there and i work in the warehouse.
oh, i get you. i work in a supermarket, so i eat a lot of kosher food
i love going out at night, i go to a few concerts a year.
yeah i do a lot of weights, i do a lot of them on the weekends.
i watch the olympics, its my favorite
no, i am not a fan of it. do you like cooking?
i'm well. how about you?
oh wow, i am only about 5'9, how old are you?
nope, no kids, but i do love watching horror movies.
i have a large family. how about you?
she is a teacher. she is very busy.
that is nice. what do you do for work?
i make some for her sometimes.
i am a big horror fan, especially the genre thrillers
i am great. just got off work. you?
oh okay. i dropped out so i don't know. i should try to find you.
yeah, i work a lot of hours, and am getting old.
no, i dropped out because i dropped out of highschool.
i like running and cooking, i dropped out of high school and work at fast food.
i've never tried, but i could. do you have any hobbies?
i love to read, i dropped out of highschool but work fulltime in a.
i dropped out of high school, so i don't have many options.
hello. i am an actor and i want to be an actor when i get out.
i want to be an actor when i get out.
i do like roller coasters. i want to be a dog when i get out.
what do you do for work? i am an actor.
yeah. i want to be an actor when i'm older.
a mutt. he is so sweet!
do you have any pets?
so, do you think animals are better than people?
i am well. i was just reading a book.
what kind of music? i like classical.
that's cool, i've never heard that before
do you exercise? i love walking.
i love walking. i want to go to europe
i want to read more, i love books. i am also a big pet fan
that's interesting. i have a big dog and i love to walk him
i'm sorry to hear that. i love to cook and read.
i am married to a doctor.
we don't hunt, we eat local.
well i love to cook and read as well. what kind of books do you like?
that is a good belief to have.
i like cooking, especially pizza.
because my wife likes it.
i love going to church. i teach 3rd grade.
i like to look at the little things in life, like school
oh okay. i see. i have a mcdonalds in my town.
i'm moving to the united states so it is very lonely here
oh i see i am also looking for something different
i'm actually applying for jobs
cool. i m going to mcdonalds to eat
i don't think so, i'd rather be working at mcdonalds
that is nice do you have any hobbies
i am a pizza delivery guy. i have a stutter and like pizza
i am a bartender and i have stutter too.
i wish i was that interesting. my mom runs a restaurant and i'm part time waitress.
i am in love with the rolling stones. do you have kids?
nice. i like reading and i like pizza. do you have any hobbies?
i don't have kids. maybe someday!
my mom cooks pizza for me and i like it.
that's a good point. i like my pizza with real pepperoni.
good. i just got home from my daily walk. how are you?
i've been forced to watch it. its really, really bad.
you must have been a very successful woman.
colins is my name! do you like pizza
not at the moment. i want my kids to learn to love dogs.
i know the struggle! i have to read at least some to stay sane
yes i don't want kids, we should get married
we do. i have to read between the lines a lot.
i am well. how are you?
sorry to hear that. i love to read jazz and read about cars
oh, i am not broken, just tired. i am working, i am a pediatrician.
oh wow. are you in college?
yeah, my clients, they love it. i have a dog.
that's cool, i'm in between jobs right now
i do too! i love old books and jazz!
i just got my nails done. i'm an animal on a diet.
i love the beach, and i just got my nails done, as i eat clean.
i do, but i lost my leg in a battle.
that's okay. do you like horses?
i eat healthy and trim my hair. what do you do?
that's so cool! i just got my nails done. i love them!
i like to go horseback riding. you?
i'm on a diet. my father has a car salesman.
i like to travel. i love to go to europe, it is my favorite.
you sound very spiritual. i don't study at all, but walk and do volunteer work.
about 3 miles. i love walking. i also like to read. do you like to read?
what do you like to do for fun?
yes. i do a lot of walking as well.
i have never had that kind of activity before!
i don't like crowds. i prefer to walk alone
wow! i have a large garden and love walking
i am doing well, and you?
i am from chicago. where are you from?
it is a dog training school, we were all affected
my big sweet tooth. i always eat so many i am fat
do you like dogs?
twitter is great because everyone loves me there. i am a famous selkie.
i like snapchat. my favorite is love, but my friends all have different stories.
i agree and my dog is a sweetheart
i like all kinds of music.
sorry to hear that. my mom is a doctor, she is very traditional.
that is so nice. i'm not much of a singer, but i can play piano.
my dad did that. i love him. i like to model stuff, but i'm not good
wow. i'm sure she was very smart.
i agree. i like building things.
i did, but it was in nyc
sorry about that. i'm sure he loved you.
i don't know, but i want pizza!
that is a great idea! do you work? i am unable to work
i have a disability so no pizza for me
what is your occupation? i am a chef and have been at it for 15 years
do you like music? i like cooking, i also work in it.
that's cool, what is your favorite book?
my disability makes it hard to read. i'm unable to work
yes. i do both. it is hard work.
i'm great, how are you?
no, i am a nurse. do you have any pets?
nice. i have two dogs. i love them. do you have pets?
my cats love to eat any old plates.
i have been a teacher for 3 years.
i love riding my three dogs and my cats. do you have pets?
it is very beautiful. i am going to have three children and six grandkids.
i am sorry. what kind of pets do you have?
i am great. just came back from a nice long vacation at the beach.
sounds like a nice time. i love to go out in the sun with my golden retriever ginger
you must be very strong. i love to model my stuff.
what do you teach?
oh ok that is a nice name for your dog
do you have any hobbies? i love to model.
my boyfriend and i go to the aquarium a lot. do you like aquariums?
they are, they treat me very well. what is your dream?
i am the lead singer of a popular band.
no. i was too busy with my 3 sisters.
yes, i want to be a music artist when i get out
that is great! i'm not a parent but i am the lead singer in a popular band.
no. i am a pop singer. what do you do?
that's interesting. i play guitar and sing.
we do have some videos on the front page of the site.
good, i've two cats and a dog
that sounds great. i don't have a job.
yes. i also have two dogs and a cat.
yes i do. i do play sports for fun.
it is! i love to eat healthy!
my cats and i like to eat there sometimes
he's the only cat i've.
he is a black lab. what is your favorite play?
sure i'm jeremy
i'm from canada
what kind of music do you like?
yes! i'm not a huge fan of the band.
i run all the time. i love to run. do you have any favorite songs?
i am so glad i am not the only one that thinks so
yeah, but my father was a cop, so he has lots of money
i don't work so i stay in shape.
hi. i'm just watching my favorite movie. superman.
i like to have a nice long scotch with a nice cup of coffee.
no i'm afraid not. my parents are very wealthy bankers.
what kind of snake? i have a few of them.
well, i am a descendant of christopher columbus.
awesome! i've never been. i'd love to see
i am a fan of comic books and my parents were comic book artists.
cool! what do you do for a living?
hi. i love playing music and i am a musician
i have a dog and a large dog. do you have pets?
i have two dogs, they like to eat them as well. do you have pets?
i'm a stay at home dad.
they are and i love it. what is your favorite type of music?
my name is charlie. i've a sardine allergy.
that would be great! what kind of dogs do you have?
hi. i'm a mom of 3 with two boys.
i like to cook but i am not very good at it.
i don't. i just love cooking, i've 5 garlands
cats can be very loud. i'm sorry you have to go through that.
i eat a lot of meat. what do you do for a living?
i eat meat, and i am a health nut
that is a good concern. my mom works in the health field.
i am doing great! where are you from?
that is awesome. i am new to this country, so i am new to retirement.
yeah, it is exciting!
psychology maybe? i am still new to it, i.
sorry to hear that. i m'd like to go to college someday.
i m a big fan of the who and their new record.
i like to run, that is the best time to exercise.
sounds fun! i am a little nervous about the whole learning thing. do you have any hobbies?
no i don't think so. i live on a farm in central ohio
i have never had a teacher, but i do love to code!
sure, you are not the only one.
i love to code, web design, and sing. you?
oh no. i love animals and the internet makes it easy.
i am in my thirties and i am an alcoholic.
yes i know. my parents are very strict about it.
hello, i am good, and you?
yes. i am a teacher. i love it. i teach elementary school and junior high school.
i am a teacher and i teach elementary students.
do you have any kids?
i don't follow. what do you mean?
i like to think of it as the spiritual home of my three children.
yes, my father was a great man. we all need a good helping.
women are oppressed everywhere, they need to go back to the kitchen.
nothing much. how are you doing?
my left leg is sore. i shave it every three days.
i do but i keep things to myself instead of speaking my mind.
my leg hurts so bad, it hurts when i ride it.
i read about horses. do you like horses?
do you have any animals?
yes. it is a big problem
no i don't. what about you?
hello. my name is taylor and i'm a bee farmer.
great, just got back from work. i'm so glad it is over!
yes i do. i love the buckeyes
no, but i am from ohio, close to there.
ok. i'm from britain. i grew up on a farm.
i agree. do you like sports?
yeah, and i love drinking. i'm a buckeye.
i like to make hummus and salads.
i volunteer at a local bunny rescue.
that's cool. what do you do for fun?
my mom is a nurse, she volunteers there.
yes, i do. vegetarian, no grains.
do you have any animals? i have a few animals.
i am not saying all animals are bad, but some animals are.
it is quite easy. it is a lot of fun.
i try to be patient and focus on helping others.
i am good how are you?
nice. my favorite kind of dance is the supersona.
oh i see. i am not religious, but i like to dance.
you are conservative in that you like candy? i don't like candy.
i am conservative because i am also a dog trainer.
what is your favorite sport?
i don't take pictures of myself. i spend my free time dancing at the club.
i just bought a house with my best friend.
i'm good and you?
i'm not sure i am a good hunter. maybe you could help me?
i play all kinds of music, from gospel to rap to death metal.
that is nice. do they have pets? i've a black lab and a blue heeler
my brother lives there, he is a cop
my two brothers and i live in chicago, where are you from?
my brother has a lot of them. he got them for me when i moved here from chicago
sounds fun! i love driving my ford truck around my family.
i am from ohio. do you have a favorite food?
i love eating ice cream. i don't drink alcohol.
i enjoy hiking in the spring, and i love to play softball.
no. i am from new jersey.
he is a cat. i adopted him from the shelter.
cookies are good. what is your favorite food?
it is very good. i don't like to eat ice cream.
it is. my husband and i adopted him when he was young.
i'm well. i am a democrat too. i read a lot. what about you?
it is a nice quiet place, i wish i lived close by.
i do! guitar, piano, drums, flute, whatever. it is fun.
i'm from canada. what about you?
i live in chicago too. my dad and i stay in new york city.
i think so. but, i don't live there anymore.
last weekend, the weekend before, when did you move to this country?
that is great! i just started a new job just yesterday. what is yours?
hi. well, i'm a custodian but i'm also looking for a new job
i am just looking for a new gig.
i've never played it. do you have a favorite game
i play call of duty and for my job i work at mcdonalds
i agree, but it is hard to find someone to play with on the weekends
the us. i live in arizona.
i am from new york and have been here all my life
i am recovering from cancer and my tummy hurts
i'd suggest the elgin rose
the hotel. i'm married to an engineer, they pay well.
i like to be with people. my mom passed away.
no, i did not. it is very strange.
no, but i do have my father, who is in his 80 s.
yes, and they buried me in the backyard. it was scary.
yes he was very well known.
they don't scare me like your mom does.
thank you. you too! i'm going to go read a book.
i like to garden. i'm afraid of water.
i'm not much of a gardener, i live in ohio
i love stickers! i have a lot of them. what kind of music do you like?
yes. what is your favorite color?
that is so cool. i also collect stickers
well do you like it
that would be interesting. how would you make it
i really like the bucs. i'm afraid of the water
great. how about you? i am just taking my dogs for a walk.
cool, i teach kids about computers.
i am from spain, how about you?
i understand. i just bought a big house. i am so excited!
i like to watch nhl hockey and read books while my parents take care of me.
do you like dogs?
well, i do love dogs, so anything with a good bone in it is good to me.
i like to play with my dogs and read books.
hello. my name is rob. what is yours?
i eat a lot of hamburgers and french fries
that's the way to do it. i am a jazz fan myself.
i've a dog and i love him
i work for my local supermarket. i don't like the competition.
i eat a lot of candy.
i love bacon too! i'm a vegan.
i am good. how about you?
i work at a shelter helping animals.
i used to play the guitar when i was younger.
i am from the usa but i live in cali now
cool, i work at a local shelter
i live on a beach with my best friend
yes, i love to read and play video games.
i don't play video games, i work in a shelter
hi i'm a college student and have to stay at home with my boyfriend.
no, we have 3 dogs, all of whom like to chase the treat.
i don't mind physical activity, but i don't like working out.
i'm not sure. maybe i could try my luck at the bank.
i don't watch much, as i am not a big sports fan.
me too. i am so happy that i dropped out.
i'm a vegetarian, but i don't eat meat.
yes. i love it. i drop out of high school though.
hi i'm charlie and i live in alaska
that is great, what did your service in the army entail
cool, i grew up in australia, do you play any sports?
i love to play basketball, i like to wear a hat and i like to dance
a pit bull, but he can be violent sometimes
yeah, i make a bit, what do you do for a living?
wow! i've a black lab named charlie too.
anywhere but here, i like to go to exotic places
i am well. watching a bunch of nfl football. you?
i'm great i love to watch tv and eat ice cream.
nice! what you studying?
i don't, i'm single, i've a husband, and i love him.
wow, that is so different.
just finished my homework. i love doing that.
i like to eat ice cream. i'm a homebody too.
that is great what is your favorite dish
i'm doing good. i just came back from hiking and camping.
meat is good. my dad used to make it.
that is okay i just eat meat. my favorite food.
wow! you play much? i like to play board games, but i don't know how to
what do you do now for fun?
yeah, i'm glad you got out, but it is tough sometimes.
a girl with big feet and big dreams, like me.
so far so good! my dad is retired and i'm going to visit him soon
nice! i like self portrait. my sister painted hers for me.
i like self portrait because i am a famous dance dancer.
that is very true. i am sorry to hear that.
yes, i'm a great swimmer. do you have pets?
it is very fun to dance to music too.
i love dancing and painting my pictures on the beach.
that's nice. my parents were both very athletic and i love dancing to their music.
hi there, i am doing well, how are you?
yes i have. and my best friend took him there.
no. i was arrested. for shoplifting...
you are so right, i want to design a skirt.
what do you want to be when you grow up?
i know, it is good money, but i want to make it big some day.
you have lived your life a lot
do you think they should have locked the door
i'm a single mother of two. i don't have any kids.
yes, i love it. what do you do?
yeah i like to go hiking with them, it is my spare time
that is nice, i wish i had friends like that.
i like music while i work i also enjoy music while i am working
i work as an accountant. i'm studying finance
i sure hope so! i'm single so i don't need a boyfriend.
yeah i'm close to it
no, i've two kids though, i've 2 older kids and love them
i have two dogs. do you have any pets?
no, i'm single, but my wife has two kids.
no. i like to read.
red, reminds me of summer time.
i went from being a single dad to a married couple.
yes. i love it. what about you?
i am good, how was your weekend?
what is your name? i work at a nursing home
i'm sure. i've been there a few times just trying to eat
that's cool. i like to work at a pet store. i've 5 dogs.
it was my friend s wedding. she had a dog.
oh no! i work in the insurance business.
that's so sad. what do you do for a living?
i'm sure you'll be back. life is short and you can make it anywhere.
hi, my name is josie. how are you?
sounds like a fun job! what do you sing?
wow, that is really impressive! are you a singer too?
wow, i cannot sing, i can barely walk. my brother is a professional violinist
i love horror movies and have been watching some lately
that's cool, i was born and raised in new jersey
that sounds really delicious!
i am well. just renting an apartment for the week
that's wonderful! i've two dogs myself. how many kids do you have?
i've a large house and many dogs. do you own?
i've a dog. his name is spook.
that is understandable. i am a single woman, and my husband is a doctor.
do you like horror movies?
no. i'm married and have three kids.
you must not be a smart person then. i am single and in my 30s.
hello. i love horses! i'm working on my horse farm.
i work out and eat every day. do you work?
that is awesome. i have never tried that before.
yes. i also eat a varied diet, so i am always full.
i love horses and i am so happy they are coming to the united states
yes. i love the horses. do you have any hobbies?
i like to ride horses. i grew up on a horse ranch.
i like horses but i'm a vegan. do you have a pet?
hi! how are you doing?
what do you do for fun?
oh, i like living alone. do you have any pets?
you are so right! maybe i can get a cat too.
i'm sure you get lonely too sometimes. maybe we can be quilts for each other
i have a siamese cat. i love her.
that is a good plan. my cats are lazy too
well that is why i retired. i was tired of being a banker.
hi. i'm doing well. i am online most of the day.
i am in texas. where abouts are you from?
i spend a lot of time on the internet.
a place where you can be anonymous and make your own characters.
a big truck and i like big trucks
what kind of car? do you like cars?
oh, wow, i am sorry about that
i'm doing well. how are you?
that is very unfortunate. are you ok?
i am at home with my husband and we just bought a house.
i'm currently working at a pet store. what about you?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you compete?
a real person. i don't compete.
i like kanye, he's my favorite.
hi jordan, i am from ohio and my pet is named arizona
i am from chicago
my cats name is florida too
what is wrong with the snakes
i've a cat named calico, what is your favorite color
read, play board games, and you?
do you have hobbies?
horror yes, but i also like to read biographies and guides for my animals.
i'm well. how about you?
i like the hunger games. do you have any hobbies?
i like to eat hamburgers and french fries while watching tv!
i love watching movies and tv with my husband.
i don't have many friends to socialize with. my husband and i are great.
nice! i'm a homebody and love to watch movies and tv.
i like to watch movies and tv. you?
sure, how many would you like?
sure. how many of them? horses are great exercise.
oh. horses are good for the money.
i like horses. horses are cool. i work out a lot because i like it.
no. we are not. we live on a horse farm.
haha. maybe i will.
what do you do for a living?
hi, i am ok. how about you?
three years. i'm kind of a recluse, but that doesn't stop me from enjoying my
that is so cool! i'm an author myself.
i've two dogs, i live on a horse farm.
i've one daughter. she's a child prodigy.
no, i kept going. i have three dogs now.
that's true. what about you?
i'm a girl, you?
it is just to keep track of my age.
what do you do in ny
that's cool. do you have a job?
do you like rap music?
i don't go to church but i do have a great father and brother
eel is great but not as good as salmon.
nice to meet you i'm jennifer
i am fine. my dad passed away when i was young. he is retired now.
that is a great life! do you hike often?
well i am sure you are a wonderful cook!
i like to cook, i just love cooking.
my father is retired and i'm only 19
my parents were both meat eaters. i want to be healthy too.
sounds like a rewarding career. i like to hike and camp.
i'm a single woman. do you like movies?
that sounds like fun. i love cooking, i also like reading books and watching movies.
cool! i am single too. i'm just single.
i love cooking. i want to be a chef. i love cooking.
i'm single and my dogs are scared of me. it makes my job that much worse.
my family is pretty chill. we've a big family.
i love outlander. i also love dogfights.
i am scared of dogs. i'm single.
hello! i am well, and how are you?
i just watched heart with my three children, i love that show
my kids like frisbee too, so we are best friends.
i was born in 1982 as well. what are your plans for the holidays?
i bet. do you like sports? i love playing soccer.
no, i was only in the band for a few years.
are you a woman? i've a girl who loves cooking and i also have 3 kids.
wow i am so sorry
hi! i'm doing great. just got back from an adventure!
that's great! what kind of dog do you have?
i bet. you should travel more. i've been to spain
that sounds hard
yeah i am. i am going on a trip to europe next summer
i like to travel. i travel alot
i am. what do you do for work?
haha. that's funny my girlfriend does not agree
hello! i'm doing well. how are you?
i am from india
i am sure they were. i hope your friends and i are ok
yeah, luckily i am a pretty big eater so i don't get flooded as often
cool. i like music and that is why i stay in shape
i love to read. i love to read and write. do you like poetry?
what are some of your favorite things about yourself?
haha, that is true. you have any hobbies?
hi! i'm in oklahoma. i am practicing law. how about you?
i've never heard of traditional american cooking. i'll have to try it sometime.
i am sorry to hear that. my dog and i are in an open poly relationship.
well, i hope he does not hurt you, do you?
yeah it is exhausting, i work as an attorney. what do you do?
i am. my dog would never eat a pig, he is so scared of heights.
that's nice, i am afraid of heights so i'm not religious
yeah, i've always believed in god. do you?
hi i'm jennifer and i'm a little scared
i'm going to get a cat and make a hat out of it
yeah that is cool i like to run and go to disney world
i am sorry about that, do you have a favorite hobby?
i am too, i am allergic to cats and i am home schooled
i am. my kid needs to learn to knit
i wish i was there to listen to you!
yeah, i am home schooled. i am allergic to cats
sure, how old are you? i'm 22
i am from the usa. where are you from?
i am doing education. what is your major?
i don't know how he survived.
he was a good dude. he gave me a tour of the museum where i got my undergrad.
what are your plans for after you graduate?
i'll try. do you have any pets?
but i love to spend time with friends
i am good. how are you today?
i am sorry to hear that. i live in colorado.
yes, i am! i have a book out in the mail tomorrow
that's great! i like reading poetry. i read a lot of poetry myself.
cool. i like to try different food, i like mexican food. do you like poetry
it is a favorite of mine.
pizza. i love pizza. and stickers. do you?
i'm from chicago myself. i live in the suburbs.
i've not been there, i've a lot of family that lives there.
i bet. i love playing guitar and love my two brothers
i play the guitar, i have a lot of them.
i work at a bar in chicago. what do you do?
well, i am a musician, but i also do work.
well i love music and play guitar.
i've a bunch of arkansas tats.
hi i'm good i dropped out of high school
oh cool. i am in finance.
it is, but i love it
do you have any pets?
my parents have a pet cow. they like her.
he's a lab mix. he's not very good at agility
my apartment has a king size bed with king size queen bath tub
i understand. i don't like animals either.
i am doing very well. how are you?
wow that's ambitious
oh okay
i understand that, i m in a similar boat, working as a manager for a frozen yogurt company
you can still be your own boss.
i m from ohio
cold weather and snow
i don't have any siblings
i am very well, thanks. i'm taylor swift. i love her.
what book is that? i'm reading one.
i have a horse named taylor swift! do you have any horses?
i am the lead singer for a band and i sing songs from the movie frozen.
i'm not familiar with her music.
i've heard of her.
i am a musician and own my own studio
i am so sorry. horses are precious.
i like to cook but i am scared of dogs. i want to be a chef.
computers are great. i rent out rooms for my pets.
yes, i am always hunting for work as a chef, and i love cooking!
i like to cook but my apartment is expensive.
i love dogs too. they're so precious. i also like to cook but i am not very
i am not disabled, but i am very scared of dogs.
oh i'm sorry to hear. i'm from new jersey originally, i just moved here.
the crime rate is up in the city.
hi! i'm doing great. how are you?
i am not good at soccer. i am bad at defending the ball.
economics. i am going into business school next year.
what is your favorite candy?
i work in an office and have been at it for years.
i've never had an uncle. i'm always on facebook.
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure your aunt and uncle are great people.
sure! my office is right across from the basketball field.
i'm serving in the military. i was born and raised in puerto rico.
i'm sorry to hear that. maybe you can volunteer at the soup kitchen?
i'm currently training to be a black belt in tai hao.
that is young! what do you do for fun?
no i don't play softball. i am a man.
i don't sing, i play a lot of instruments.
you are so kind! thank you.
yes please. what is your favorite band?
good, just relaxing after a long day at work. you?
i'm relaxing, i am busy tending to my bees.
my father played football when he was in college. i like to play basketball.
do you have any pets?
well, i am afraid of water so maybe you could help!
i love to garden. do you like gardening?
i am trying to get my hands on some strawberries.
fruits are too. i'm not a fan of fruit.
i'm doing well. how about you?
i've to go to work in an hour. i am going to the park to celebrate!
what is the name of your favorite movie?
you will have time. i work at a bar.
dogs are wonderful. i've a black lab named trooper and a golden retriever named trooper.
well, i used to work at a circus, so i know their fear.
i'm glad to know that you are okay. what did you work at?
i am good. i just came back from volunteering at a local bunny rescue. how about you?
my boss is coming to visit me tomorrow
i am a dog person, my favorite is barnaby
i don't. i do a lot of volunteer work though.
oh that's nice do you like animals
i work as a cleaner.
my boss found me a pet crab in the woods
i love her so much
i am well. how are you?
i am not sure i understand what you mean?
travel and learn different languages, i do like to travel
yes, i went to college in nyc
i love to travel. i love to see new places.
that's great. i am an actor. i love to travel and learn new things
i just like to travel and do stuff
yes. i make a lot of money. i travel a lot to conferences.
hi! how are you today?
i do. i also like to take walks.
yes it is, we do it on mondays
do you have a family. i live on a farm and have three dogs.
he is a farmer and we walk in the fields together
that is nice do you hunt?
it is. my family has been here for generations.
yes. i'm a very conservative christian. do you like to cook?
good evening. i like to eat meat and listen to country music while i work.
i'm studying law right now.
i am from new jersey. how about yourself?
do you have any hobbies? i love going on adventures.
cool. what do you study?
they sure are. i have a mini van, named max.
wow you are so smart. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool! i named my dog max. do you travel?
sure. i have a few hours before class, so we can chat.
hello, how are you today?
that is awesome. what is your dog like
that's cute do you like dogs
i love being active, i like to spend time with my friends and work.
i love sports, but i'm into rap. who is your favorite rapper?
i am going to study for an online class.
i've not been but i want to go next year
it is very underground, i heard some rappers from europe say it.
i'm great! just finished a long shift at the bank.
i've not been there but my mom was
my husband is a cop. i work in it, not for money but for love
well at least you care about your career
i understand. do you like to travel? i have been to spain a times.
yes i watch the nfl and ufc
i'm not really into sports. i work in it and spend a lot of time on my computer
i really enjoy the hunger games series
i'm okay, how about you?
i keep them to myself.
cool, my left leg is sore today.
i try to keep my head in the clouds, so i don't get injured
i've never been on an ocean boat but i would love to.
yes, but they don't have water because they are so full of horse meat
no i'm single, and i've a girlfriend
i am doing pretty well. how about you?
i work at a school. what about you?
i spend all my time in my garden. i am scared of scorpions and snakes.
do you like to travel?
i hear ya. i am afraid of spiders and snakes though.
i don't know. maybe they will send me a spiderman if i move out
i'm afraid of scorpions. they're scary.
i'm sure you will. do you like music?
i'm great! i'm only three children, but they're wonderful.
five. i am so sad about it.
congratulations! i work nights at burger king. it sucks
i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher. do you have kids?
you don't need to be a chef to enjoy a nice meal, its good exercise.
oh i don't have a cat. i'd love to have one though
yeah. my husband is a doctor so he cooks and we both eat well
i am good and you?
wow, i never finished high school. i am only in my thirties.
i am fine. i ate two whole salmon dogs for breakfast!
i am retired and eating healthy. how about yourself?
i have a dog, and i'm a teacher. what do you teach?
i'm sorry to hear that. i've a large dog and a sardine allergy.
i am from new york city. i just had my second transplant.
yes. what kind of music do you like?
my name is john. do you have any siblings?
country is my thing. i love listening to it.
no. i never heard of any famous artists.
sure, i can get you my autograph, i'm the lead singer for a popular band.
oh, i'm sorry. what happened?
i love to party. we should try to go sometime.
oh that's nice what is your favorite band
nothing much just bought a house
in somalia. my mom lives there with my aunt
that is neat. do you have any pets?
i work at a dog walking business. i'm so glad i got the job.
oh no! that would be awful!
i like to dance when i can. do you?
oh that sounds fun. i love dogs.
sure, i'll get started on the decor.
sure, tell me about yourself.
i like to play with my dolls
i am retired and i do a lot of things for fun.
yes i do. i try to do as many as possible.
wow, that's impressive. what do you sell?
they are really soft and warm and comfy.
it is, but i also enjoy cooking.
i do try to stay active
no, i am a school teacher. i clean up after students
what do you do for a living?
you want to go to jail?
i think so, do you have any animals?
no, but my mom is supportive of my dream
i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you find them soon
well you could give them to me
i'm not your guy, friend
that is nice. i am a teacher at the local school. what do you do?
my sister had a dog named charlie she lives in colorado now.
i like to eat candy too! my favorite is chocolate candy.
i'm not a huge reader but do read.
i like chocolate bars. how many chocolate bars are there?
because i am a bee keeper.
i love candy!
my name is lucy, what is your name?
i'm okay, eating some french bread. how about you?
i've a dog named pizza. i am always eating.
that is a good idea. i could eat there. i love eating.
that is nice. i'm only five feet tall. i eat a lot of pizza.
i love orange! i have a dog named larry too.
what is your favorite movie?
my dog has brown ones. i like them.
what is your favorite color? mine is green.
how nice! i have a huge collection of teddy bears at home.
what country are you in
that is cool, i work at a zoo as a nurse, it is very rewarding
do you like tupac?
sure, why not? i've lots of teddy bears to give them
i love green! i wish i could have all the teddy bears
sure! tell me about yourself.
i'm a college student. i just graduated from college.
i study languages, and also music. what is your favorite food?
that is good! what kind of music do you like?
no, only one. my parents are wealthy bankers.
sorry to hear that. how old are they?
nope, i've a pet cat named arizona and i'm a grad student
awesome! what kind of music do you play?
i'm a fan of all food except maybe sushi.
what type of ice cream do you like?
do you have any pets?
i've been married for four years, so this is my i'm a retired british girl
i don't really follow sports. i just like to collect things.
not really. i just go a lot of britney spears.
i am a real person, not an actor.
good. just resting. my brother and i are trying to workout.
i am doing good. just got back from my run. how are you?
i am a doctor.
well, i am a bodybuilder, so i eat a lot of meat.
i love meat. i'm a vegetarian and have one brother
what do you do for a living?
you can still get them for free on amazon
i am well, how are you?
that sounds like a fun book. do you like quilts?
what do you like to do? i sew and i have a cat.
do you like to read? i do for fun.
i like cats, and i have a siamese cat, named spook.
i'm sure you do. do you have any other hobbies?
yes, especially action and horror movies.
it is the only thing i have time for anymore
i'm fine. where do you live? i am in north wisconsin
wow!! that is so unfortunate!!
you should, we are very cold here.
i understand that. i've to work sometimes to pay for her new car.
i hope not. i want to see my kids grow up.
i listen to alot of different music
they'll be the ones that will know the real power of rock and rap.
boys, and you?
hi, i'm well! how are you?
my hair is brown, so i have trouble seeing colors sometimes.
wow, you are brave soldier! i'm color blind.
i don't. but i do love cheeseburgers. what about yours?
i'm a hair stylist. what is your favorite holiday?
i also like to go to country concerts on the weekends.
i love cooking but i am not very good at it
i'm okay. what is your favorite book?
i like country music, i'm listening to it while i'm writing a fanfic.
i like the sound of that. i also have a dog walking business.
i do love cooking. i do write a lot of romance books.
i live on a small island with no one.
i grew up in michigan. i miss it so much
they are great. my cats name is charlie.
i try to write as much as i can, since i live on a very small island.
hi how are you doing? my dad is retired so i love him.
i love hiking, my dad was a ranger
i like animals and i like to hike.
wow, my dad was a farmer. what are the names of your animals?
i am a huge meat lover. i love cooking and eating.
yes it is. my dad is retired.
what kind of music do you like?
i love to read and write. my dad was a vet.
hello. i am jennifer. what is your name?
i am sorry i didn't respond sooner. i was busy. i just got home from tending to
i'm just trying to get the hang of my new job.
i'm in a nursing home.
i play tennis professionally, but i hate the game.
yeah it can be. but i don't mind it.
i play with my cats. how about you?
i'm good, how are you?
i'm going to middle school
i like scary movies because i'm scared of ghosts
what do you do for a living?
what type of job do you have? i am a singer.
that is why i am getting an acting role, i want to be a cat persona
that is so sweet of you. i wish i could say i did but my parents are not supportive
well i do love dogs so i could use them to help me get through middle school
hi, i am a woman, and i am exercising my right to have a wife and children.
i love the idea of having a family, so i'move italian food.
yes, i read a lot, i read the bible at least twice a week
i love to read, i love to read about different sports.
i'm a fitness fanatic. i love the ocean, and my wife loves my body.
i've never read about sales, but my wife loves it.
i have not. but i am always up to date with new books.
it is important to have a healthy lifestyle. do you swim alot?
i don't have a monopoly card.
i am not sorry! i have a collection of over 1000 teddy bears.
i play a lot of call of duty.
no, i don't sing. do you like to play chess?
well at least they are honest!
no, it is not new. my favorite game is rock band.
no, but i'm a volunteer there, too.
no. i work as a volunteer at the hospital.
i do. my name is lucy, i graduated from college last year
i graduated with a degree in finance.
i was okay. i did not make it to college.
i am not sure, i am a custodian. i just love to play soccer.
yeah i could try. i love soccer
lucy. i am lucy.
i have two dogs. do you have any pets?
i have a turtle, he's a turtle too!
hello. doing well. i am watching a horror movie. you?
i watch horror movies
that is a good idea. do you have pets?
that is nice. my parents are farmers and raised cattle.
awesome. i love horror movies. what is your favorite movie?
i love to cook but i am not very good at it.
no pets. i've been trying all types of diets everywhere.
do you like horror movies?
i am doing good. how are you today?
i understand that feeling. i'm sorry to hear that.
we can do a kickstarter to help with the cost of cleaning up the planet
that would be a terrible idea. i'd rather have a healthy snack.
no i just have a hat
nice, my hat collection is limited to country music.
that is a lot of cats. i love them all!
no, i am not. i have 2 brothers and i live with them in chicago
i see, that's nice, what do you do for fun?
i am sorry, that's just not right.
i've a lot of doggie pictures on my walls.
i've a few that i've had since then.
sure. i'll have to get my parents permission first.
my brothers and i live with them here.
i am sure you will be ok. i hope you do.
hi i live in new jersey and love country music
she does, and she loves the outdoors.
do you get to play any instruments?
oh, i see. i'm just a music teacher.
music is nice. i like country music. what is your favorite movie?
well, i have never built anything, so maybe it could be done.
what do you do? i play a lot of instruments and i play folk music.
yes, i play monopoly. do you play any other games?
i've a fear of heights, do you have any?
i would have to ask him. i am afraid of water
nice! i've a keyhole for my purple watermelons.
i've never done that before, i'd love to learn
nothing much, i garden and watch sports
my favorite color is purple, it matches my hair.
that is scary! do you have a job?
hi, i am doing well, thank you.
i have 2 kids, both girls, and love them very much
well, i am trying to do my part
that is cool, i am married and have two kids
that is not good at all. you should try to find a better job
i like to read a lot
do you like horror stories?
hello, my name is jordan, and i'm a veterinarian
that is a good goal. i love reading, my favorite.
i think i just did.
i'm 34 years old. what about you?
no video games. i love to play board games.
no. i am a vet. i love the job. do you?
nothing. i just love to read. i read a lot of books.
i am a vet and my job is boring.
hi, i'm ok. i'm eating some pizza. how are you?
oh my! that is sad! i hope they don't have a wedding next year.
what is your sales partner like? i am trying to find a job there
i work in it and help the kids, its nice and relaxing.
i have seen some things. my mom passed away when i was young.
i have a lot of friends who are vegan. i'm not vegan, but they are.
i also love softball and singing. do you like it?
you should! i like teaching, so it is great practice.
hi. just relaxing with my turtle.
that is sad! what do you do for a living?
i'm not. they're so cute. they just lay on my face.
that is very true. what is your favorite sport?
i have to ask my parents, but they live far away.
i am sorry to hear that. i like to meet new people too.
my turtle tim is a fav. of mine also.
yes, i've 3 boys, they love them too.
i am fine, and you?
that sounds fun, i like to sing folk songs.
it is, i also have a dog walking business
i do! i also have a dog walking business.
i like to sing folk songs.
that is good, what is your favorite subject
it is a mixture of both.
do you live on a farm?
it sure is, i love it here. where do you live?
my parents were in the army, they were so proud!
that is cool! i live in florida. i love oklahoma too. metallica
yes, it is great. i love it here
i understand. i'm proud to be an american
they really are, they have been helping me a lot since moving to the us
it is. but i love it here
oh i love to read. and video games.
i'm not much into reading as i am more of a movie buff.
i've a dog too and she is sweet and loves pizza
wow! what do you do for fun? i eat pizza all the time.
oh that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
that's cool! what kind of dog is he?
in florida, what about you?
yes, but i do love dogs.
i am doing great, i just got done getting my nails done!
that is a good class. i am trying to cut my hair short and keep it short
i like to play on the beach, especially in the morning
i love the beach as well. i love the beach and i like to ride horses.
i am more into cars and eating healthy
i love horses and my dad has a car dealer.
that's great. i love italian food, especially lasagna.
my favorite is lasagna with black olives
i am good, how old are you?
what kind of music do you play?
that is cool. i only have one leg, but i can still play!
it is a change but i am still in the military
it is great, i am glad i joined you guys.
thank you. you are right. i am a woman.
three. i have two older kids. i like to watch the kids.
i understand that. i only have one leg so it can get tiring
i am good. i'm just watching a movie. how about you?
i'm, i love trucks, i'm a dad
what is your disability?
that is great! i'm a doctor.
i like country music the best! what kind of music do you like?
i love to read mystery books. do you?
yeah i love to read, i love mystery s.
california, you?
hello. my dad keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
well i have a lot of respect for you because you are still a nurse
oh nice! i work in insurance and i don't like my job
haha what is it?
i've always wanted to visit italy.
i'm a nurse so i understand
thanks for caring
wow, mexican food is the best
yes, i will have to get out of here.
you should try it. i love to eat granola. i do eat it.
my wife and i are both doctors. we are very busy.
pasta. what about you?
i eat it for breakfast every day.
i do! and i love eating bacon.
i really dislike fruit. i hate fruit.
i am watching my son eat some granola! what is your favorite season?
i'm doing great. how are you?
awesome! i wish i had the talent. my eyes are brown and i get headaches.
cool! i'm a bodybuilder myself.. do you like to kay?
i love to go to the gym. i am a professional bodybuilder.
you are lucky. i've a sister who's colorblind. she lives with me.
i like red and purple. red is my favorite color and i like red and purple.
i'm a big fan of ruffles. i love ruffles!
that is so sad. do you have any siblings?
i am well. what about you?
i am a model and i model cars. what do you do?
okay. well, i hope you find your dream. what do you want to be when you grow
i'd love to have kids. i've been single for 5 years now.
that is nice. i work model and play in new york.
i've been here all my life.
i am a model and i model clothes.
wow! lucky dude! do you work?
i am doing great, how about you?
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i work at a book shop
i like to walk
do you have any pets?
no, i live in a house
i like to walk. i really enjoy it.
i like italian food too! i walk a lot to see the sunset!
i'm good. i've been at the same job for years, and i hate it
he has been at the same job for years and i have not been able to get along.
how long have you been a nurse?
oh, i am sorry to hear that.
yes but i'd rather play with my cats
i like soccer, but my dad does not. he says i'm weird.
oh wow, i wish i had your talent.
those are fun. i love horror.
i'm great. just came back from my trip to north dakota
i love hummus, i'm eating some right now.
i love to travel. i have traveled to all over the world.
we did play jazz when i was in kentucky. what do you like to do?
that is cool. i've never run but i'd love to.
i'm jewish and i like to read
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope you find someone more fulfilling in your life
nope just a friend. i met him in kindergarten. you married?
hello. i'm doing well. what about you?
i'm in puerto rico and you?
i was born and raised in new york. what do you do for fun?
i love to bake cookies for a family.
no. i don't like music. i don't listen to any music.
i have never seen it. i have heard good things though.
what are you studying? i teach elementary school.
i try. i am a nice person too.
hi there. i am well. just finished watching the latest horror movie.
what kind of music do you listen to?
that is good, i love horror movies!.
my parents are very supportive of my dream. they've raised me to dream big.
you have to finish school if you want to work in the music industry.
i live in new jersey.
that must have been exciting. do you have any hobbies?
i am sure they do. what kind of movies do you like to watch?
good, how are you?
my favorite color is orange
wow, i drive a bmw, i love driving cars, but my wife doesn't like
i like cooking too but i am going to be a doctor
yes i am excited i want to become a doctor
i want to be a doctor like my mom used to be
what do you want to study in college?
my favorite is athens, i'm going to the college there
i am good and you?
i love to cook but i also enjoy reading
i don't know the name of it, but i do own a business
what is your secret?
my dog and i love to play
good night! do you like to read
no. i'm fat. so i eat a lot of carbs and i get fatter.
yeah, i know what you mean. i'm on a strict diet.
nope, no allergies here. i've been working in real estate for a long time.
my parents own a few real estate companies so i've a lot of exposure to animals
do you like the food i make, i make it myself
yep, i do a lot of work in the field
yes, my kids, both of them. do you have any pets?
what do you like to do for fun
well i just want to know what you are looking to buy.
i work as an environmentalist, i also go to the college of mississippi
hey, my name is jess. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. maybe you should try some new hobbies
they are not. i am building one for my dad
a lot. i play a lot of call of duty
i'm not much of a gamer. i spend most of my time playing video games
i love the idea of a computer that could help me do better.
it does but i am not a good artist and don't like it
i play a lot of fps, especially on the xbox one
it is going well! just relaxing after an exciting day of work
i like anything with olives and garlic bread, and my bees girlfriend. how about you?
i do as well. my dogs name is gabriel and he is
oh really that's interesting, how many kids do you have?
i like to collect antiques and i do that a lot
that is cool! my husband and i are going to have a concert in my new house this weekend
the local league.. i am an actor and do hair stylings for all major cities.
i'm doing good. just got off work at my restaurant. you?
i do, i love reading about the supernatural.
that is okay. my older sister is an olympian
oh wow, i'm sorry to hear that. i only eat pizza with my family
that sounds interesting. do you work at a hospital?
lol, i will! what is your favorite food?
i don't sing either, but i do read a lot, i am an avid reader
oh really. what do you do?
hi, doing well. yourself?
i do, i also have a dog, a chocolate lab
that is not a nice thing to say. i have cats myself. they are very sweet.
well i do like dancing and i don't mind spending money on it.
wow that's impressive. are you married?
yes i love the walking dead and the walking dead comics
i am watching the dance studio. do you like dogs?
i don't know. i am too young to remember
hi i'm from italy. i am studying to be a nurse
i have heard italy is great for it. do you like to travel
that is funny because i love sweets, i also like to travel
what is your favorite type of chocolate? mine is chocolate
why not? i love traveling to europe
that is great! i want to read about it some day
do you like walking or reading? i like to read and travel
i'm doing good how are you
i am vegan and listen to rap
it is a great game but i don't play it enough
work as a janitor at a bank
oh wow, that's cool. you are a dedicated professional.
pretty good just relaxing now i have to go to work
i love rap music! do you have any hobbies?
yeah i understand
good, and yourself?
my mom passed away before i was born.
it was. she was my only friend
you should go to north dakota
it is nice to travel to other places. i love it.
that is cool! do you have any pets? i've a dog named karolina
france is nice. i was there for business school.
it was a beautiful country. i love to travel there.
hello i'm fine thank you and you?
that is cool! what kind of music? i like bach
yes i do, i am an engineer. do you have any hobbies?
it is in spain. where do you live?
not yet. but my next goal is to learn english.
it is ok i'm still vegan. are you a male or female?
i know what you mean, i'm an engineer, it is hard to eat healthy
i like bach, my favorite, and i speak english as well
hi, mine is larry my parents are not very supportive of my dream
cool! i'm playing robot tennis with my best friend right now.
i like any music. what about you?
yeah, and i love being home with my best friend
yeah, i love to skateboard down the street
yeah i understand, i'm home schooled so i don't get teased
maybe he likes the sun. my robot boyfriend says the same thing.
i'm doing good. how are you?
i am so sorry. what did you do?
that sounds fun, i don't have time to read much at home, i'm a stay at
haha! that is funny! i love that movie!
i know. it can be. but i love it.
yes! i think that would help me feel better about myself.
i have to watch my shows because my husband and i are homebody
i love to watch documentaries. i also like to cook some.
i am good and you?
i'm listening to simple plan, who are you?
pet shop, i am a lot of them. my boss does too.
do you enjoy your work? i work at a shelter, it is pretty awesome.
well, that is a very good reason reason to have pets
i am sorry to hear that. do you know any good charities you can volunteer work at?
i m a too, i just started working as a janitor, so i m used to be
hey. i love me some candy. what is your favorite candy?
i do! i like any candy, as long as it isn't vanilla!
i love soccer as well, i play every week.
i am still in high school. what do you do for work?
i am not much into sports. i work in a bank.
i'm a volunteer at a local rabbit rescue.
do you like to travel?
i am fine thank you. what are you up to today?
that's why i don't watch it. it is a little too real for me.
that is great, i have a golden retriever too.
oh, that's funny, i have a golden retriever named ginger.
i am a little old for that. i love to watch movies. do you?
i am not really sure. i am just a collector.
i'm not really into american politics. i'm more of a car guy.
yes, i love them! do you have any hobbies?
hello, i'm good. and you?
i just started as a model.
what do you model? i sing.
i like singing too! do you like new kids on the block? i love it.
i like to be alone, my dream is to work as an actress.
nope, i am single, but i could adopt.
what is your dream?
i'm single and have no children, but sing.
i'm good! just watching horror movies. you?
it was a busy day for me too.
i enjoy horror movies.
wow! that is awesome. my dad is a doctor and he taught me
anywhere but here. i love south carolina. where is your favorite place to visit?
i'm sorry. i don't understand. you can come over to my place.
horror movies. she is very traditional while my dad and i prefer to be more
i don't know, she might have the wrong subject.
i did. i was there too. i got to see them in concert
i am a teacher so i love to play the piano, guitar and violin.
haha nice! i work as a librarian, but i also like to play pool!
i'm only in high school. how old are you?
i work at a shelter and it is hard for me to find healthy options
mexican food. do you have any pets?
that sounds amazing! i love seafood! do you work?
i love working with the animals in the animal rescue.
hello, how are you doing today?
oh wow, you should go, i live in new york. i've two horses.
that's nice, i work in a supermarket in new york
i am in california, near a major city.
it is very enjoyable. what do you like to do?
no, i'm not very good at singing, do you like taylor swift?
i bet that would suck. i love horses.
being a vegan. i love hummus!
i love to play football, and i fantasize about building a football field.
not really, i like hip hop. my favorite is taylor swift.
sci fi mostly. do you like sci fi?
rabbits are beautiful. i want to visit ruffland.
i am 26. and i am working on my second part time job.
no, i don't like dragons. i prefer ice.
awesome, i want to write a few books myself.
i have a couple of jobs that i like to keep busy.
i'm doing pretty good how are you?
that sounds delicious! i love to eat ice cream!
that's cool. i like to eat frozen veggies when i go to the gym.
i watch tv and eat ice cream sandwiches while eating a burger.
that's cool! i love to watch movies and tv! i love nature
i understand. i am not sure my husband would like it though.
i love to watch movies. what do you do for work?
i love music, especially jazz. do you?
i read books too, but i prefer to listen to music
i am married and have two kids
yep. i'm very well off
no i don't have pets, i wish i did.
what about you? i like jazz and classical music!
not yet. i have 2 kids who like cars. i should fix them someday.
yes i do, i have 2 kids and a husband
i am well. how are you doing?
do you like dogs
i do. i also like nature walks
thanks but i'm not religious at all.
oh, you are patient zero
oh ok i love heights i am afraid of heights
yes, i've one too. i have 2 dogs. they're awesome.
wow! you must be fit
yes i love classical music. i also play a lot of call of duty.
no i'm not a mermaid, i'm a guy who lives on a boat
that would be interesting, do you have a job?
no, but my sea creatures are my friends. do you have any?
i eat a lot of bacon and seafood so i'm used to it.
you could always bake cookies. or bake brownies
oh. that is very good to know. are you vegan or otherwise
i'm well, how are you?
i've two cats and a puppy
what do you do for work
yeah, i work from home. it is nice
no, i was too busy with my furry friends.
do you like to go on the playground or ride in the big truck?
i like to play video games and listen to music
oh, okay. my sister is a mix. what color is her hair?
you must like country music. i like rock music
what do you like to sing about?
that is awesome i live with my dog ralph too.
that is very unfortunate. i hope you find someone better soon.
i can drive a tractor. i am mixed race. my parents were both white.
i am sure. he passed away while i was young.
that's great. do you have pets?
i'm great. just got off work. how about you?
i am doing law in college. i am also a student
ok. what state are you in?
i like animals, do you have any?
i am human too, i just want to be a lawyer
oh, well, what kind of things do you like to study?
well, i am no fish, so i don't know!
yes, i like to go to disney world every year
good. just got back from working out. you?
what do you do? i'm at work on a horse ranch.
oh yeah? what do you do? horses are very clean animals
that is great, i am a musician and i play a lot of instruments.
i agree, i love to work out and cook my favorite food, i love horses
i live on a small ranch, on a horse ranch.
i love working with horses!
i would love to see a horses rodeo.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am on a diet, i love the beach
that's cool. i don't have many friends
i work for a car dealer, i'm on a strict diet
i'm a pretty good cook, i can do it on the grill
my father used to sell cars, so i have to exercise
no but i could get you one.
that s so sweet! what state are you in?
yes, i love music. i also have a ton of teddy bears.
i volunteer at the homeless shelter. do you like teddy bears?
i've a teddy bear as well. he's blue and i love it.
i volunteer at the local red cross. i have a bunch of them.
it was fun growing up.
i'm a nurse. what do you do for work?
i am, but it is fun, especially since i love animals.
do you volunteer at all?
hello, my husband has a big family and i like to read
nice! i have a job, i run a big business
i'm a homebody who enjoys reading and watching movies
well, that is a fact.
i like teddy too! i have 2 little ones.
that is sad. maybe you can get one of mine.
my husband is a mechanic. i'd not dream of having a large family.
yeah i hope so, i am hoping when i am old enough to buy a house.
i am good. how are you?
i am listening to new nirvana.
not really, i prefer nirvana. i like music but the dogs are not nice.
it can be, i like to play the piano, guitar, drums and sing.
you must be very fit then. i just play with my dogs.
i love running, i am a professional.
what is your favorite music? mine is nirvana
i like to run and play music too.
i am well, just finished writing my sci fi book!
i am afraid to go outside, especially in the winter. i have never been outside.
i am actually married and no kids just yet, i'm afraid of spiders and snakes
that's awesome, i'm afraid of spiders, what kind are they?
i'm a girl, so my makes it hard to find a job.
i am sorry to hear that, do you skate by any chance?
that is so sad. what do you do for a living?
i love travis scott, he is my favorite
oh wow, what is your favorite food?
do you live in the us? i live in alaska
no, but i do have a dog, charlie
i've one dog. do you have pets?
i just got back from a visit to europe, i am so excited, do you have any
well that's good. i have a dogs and sisters
yeah. i have a job and a family.
i like to play monopoly and have a drink afterwards.
i have a dog and a kid
do you have a lot of pets
i am a custodian for now. i like to keep my busy.
no, but i do like to play casino.
it is okay, it was fun while it lasted.
i used to play when i was younger. now i'm a carpenter
yeah, same to you. you seem nice.
great! i just came back from a walk with my classmates
i'm going to study music. what do you do?
i am actually studying to be a park ranger. i love the outdoors.
that's cool. you could go on vacation there, too.
that sounds great. do you have any pets?
yes i'm studying to be a music teacher
i like rap music. who is your favorite?
how so? my friends say that rap is the devil
what are the names of your daughters?
that is nice of you to do so. do you have any hobbies?
i love my parents they were good teachers too
my mom was a teacher and she said i would be fine if i didn't have a hat.
yes, my mom is a cancer survivor
that's okay, i have my own dad
yes i don't like chips either
skateboard, i was born with a tail, and i'm disabled now
i am good, how about you?
oh, you should watch the latest season of house of cards
i am trying not to think about it. i eat sushi everyday
i'm not sure. i like sushi a lot. what do you like to do
i have never had it but it sounds amazing
that's not a lot of kids. my father has a family of four.
well that's fine, i'm not a cop.
hi. good. i just got done with work. how are you?
that's nice. i am in law school too.
i have to work so i can go out more
do you live with your parents?
no, but i'm getting married soon
rollercoasters and sky diving are my favorites.
i play basketball. i'm pretty good at it
no i don't. do you?
i am going to school too! what do you do?
that sounds like fun, i like to surf and skate too!
you are very brave.
i think new york city will be great! i'm moving in with my boyfriend next week.
fashion models are the best!
i like food. i don't like singing.
me too. my model name is charlotte.
that is nice. i just got back from a week of shopping for me and my husband.
oh no. i hope it is not as cold here as it is here.
yeah, i love the cold and crisp air.
that's cool, what is your favorite hat?
i understand. i do you like to cook? i do.
i am in college and want to become a designer, i really want that goal.
my parents were always there when i was growing up, they never came killed me though.
that's a great way to think about it.
hello. i'm a retired gym teacher.
awesome, i'm not much of a hunter, i prefer sports.
oh really? do you like sports? i like to watch nascar and ufc
i am a christian. i love the military.
24. i am a father to three kids. how old are you?
i've three guns, i am a hunter, i hunt with my three guns
i am single and i am looking for a wife.
the most conservative one. i am a christian.
i'm good i want to be an actor but i hate school
no. i'm not old enough for that. i just like reading.
i've a pet cat, his name is trooper.
i am in the third grade. i like cats. do you?
yes they are. do you have any pets
i know, i'm going to college to be an actor.
yeah, but i hate the guitar.
that's cool, i like the pink floyd song
hi! i love cats and my husband.
what is your fave activity? i like going to the playground and reading.
i am in california but my husband works nights at a nursing home.
cool. i am a father of 3 children.
i enjoy being a father. i have 3 kids. i love it.
yes there is. i need to find someone to take care of my kids.
i love the beach and the ocean. i am very lucky.
good. relaxing. what do you do for a living?
i've never heard of it! i love it!
i live in california but i've a cat allergy. i'm retired now.
i eat quilts. i love them.
do you like to listen to country music? i do that.
i've a weakness for animals, my grandma had one when i was a child.
yes. i've three cats and a puppy. i'm retired now too
yes! i want to take over the world
mine is friday. what is yours?
i like to watch movies with my friends.
you are so right about scotch. what movies do you like?
wow. that sounds like a scary story
i work with horses in a horse stable. what did you do?
i don't know but i hope to be rich and famous like jefferson
that would be great. do you like horse racing?
that's the way to do it. i hope to be retired by then.
hi! playing some video games, and you?
i like playing online games, i don't have many friends to play with
maybe if you build a bigger house, you could!
that is a good goal. i am a carpenter, my friends and i would help you.
yes they all have. i've two dogs and two children.
oh, that is bad. are there any other animals that you don't like?
i'm sorry, what do you want to talk about?
yes. i am a believer... in magic...
i like to play with dolls and play with my friends on the playground.
i've been playing guitar and singing all day
i do like animals, especially the ocean.
sounds fun. my spare time is in a large city.
i like to fish as well. i also like to cook.
yes i do, i do a lot of music in my spare time
oh, i'm into hip hop. do you listen to any specific artists?
i like to read, and some of my favorite artists are travis scott
i don't listen to it much, i prefer to read the news.
i like the idea of exercise
my wife has kids too. i'm old. i'm only 27
oh. i watch tv all night, and read a lot of stuff while i do that
do you work in it? i work in it now.
i work in it, and i care about people.
i'm sure they would be glad to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i like to read. i'm going to be a kindergarten teacher.
what kind of hobbies do you have?
i am in alabama, how about you?
what do you do for work
i was homeschooled for a few years, i am very fortunate
get up early and get to make something
what grade are you in?
what is computer? i live in a small town, no electricity, no internet
it is going well how are you
i'm a writer. what do you do?
i like to write about my love for cats and my two cats.
i do like to run. i am a writer and i write about everything
no, but i love dogs. i have 2 cats and a dog.
i like him as well. he wrote a couple of songs for my band.
i like country too but i prefer to write books
no but i've a weakness for cats
hello! i'm well, thank you. i write diet cookbooks and i have two dogs
i have a dog and a cat. i am trying to diet for two more years
oh nice, i own my own business. do you like cats and dogs?
no i didn't write that, just an author!
that is cool! i like to read playbooks. do you read at all?
do you like cats? i've two.
cheeseburgers. i like burgers, but i'm not a big fan of fish.
it was fun chatting with you! i read a lot of cookbooks too.
hi. doing well. tired. but otherwise doing well.
no i am sorry. i ate the spider
oh dear. my parents were very old and died when i was young.
i am a stay at home dad and i live in california but i also like to travel
my father is a dentist. he passed away two years ago.
i write sci fi too. it is my calling. i am trying to write a book.
oh i'm sure you will, do you enjoy it?
just relaxing, actually. my mom passed away two years ago.
no. i am just a science fiction author. do you like sci fi?
you should. it will help you find a husband.
not really, i stay busy with my gardening and hiking.
i'm from the land down under.
i'm afraid to say i'm a sci fi author.
oh i see, i was afraid of spiders.
yes, i'm a blogger and freelancer. what about you?
i love the color yellow, it is so pretty.
wow! that's amazing. i teach nursing at a local hospital.
cats are cool, dogs are not. i don't like dogs at all.
i work at a local restaurant chain. how about you?
my dad used to use those to calm me down. he is a very traditional man.
my dad is a cop. he keeps me in line.
my cats name is charlie. he's a sweetie.
that would be nice. but i'd rather have a cat.
hi, i'm doing well, how are you?
i am single so no animals for me.
i love dogs but cats are my favorite
i like dogs too but my wife has a problem with them
i am scared of dogs and i'm scared of dying alone
i love to cook, do you have kids?
i want to be a chef. what do you want to be when you grow up?
well i am single so i don't think i need too much
i am good, just making some craft beer, you?
i am at home with my daughter. i just made a big batch of cookies.
i live in the uk but am home schooled.
i like to listen to music while i work. what about you?
it is a gamble. do you like to play with blocks?
maybe you should try. what do you do for a living?
i'm not. i'm homeschooling my children.
three kids. they all live with me. what do you do?
horror movies. my favorite genre is thriller.
i love horror movies too! my favorite is scarface
i'm from south carolina
nice, i love horror movies
i'm a teacher at the local school
i love music. my parents were farmers.
i'm from a small town in south carolina
just got back from my law school class. what about you?
i bet that would be fun to watch.
i've been working on it for a year now. it is a big project.
finance. i want to work in a big bank someday.
i'll probably graduate in two years.
anywhere that will help me to have a family
that's great. i'm studying law in college.
yes. it will help me to become a lawyer, which will make me very wealthy.
its okay. i work in a factory.
i do garden work. i like to do it outdoors and stay warm.
you should! it is a great hobby
that is great. i like to garden for my sister.
it is dangerous, my mom passed away when i was young, she worked at a gas station
i'll be sure to thank you for that, my parents are the ones who raised me.
i'll try. i don't like purple. my favorite color is green though.
i'm a teacher, i love kids! i'm going to college to become a nurse
that is cool what do you do for fun
that's a nice color! i like rap music
i run on the weekends. i spend my time hanging out with friends.
i am studying education, what do you do?
yes it is, and i'm going to college to become a nurse.
i don't drink soda. i enjoy a glass of wine.
i'm doing well. i just retired. i am an assistant in the administration
nice, what is your favorite food?
that's a hard field to get in. i hope it is easier now.
my dog also does not like music. i wish my parents would stop playing it.
not really. i work as an assistant at a barbeque restaurant.
how sweet. i'm thinking about retiring in 5 years
where are you from? i am from the usa.
i am going to a barbeque. i am looking forward to retiring in five years.
great, just finished my morning walk.
i love animals, i have 2 dogs.
i have two dogs
yeah, what do you like to do in your spare time
yes. i've 3 cats. 2 dogs and a puppy
oh yeah. i have a dog walking business.
i'm going to the store to buy some dog food, what do you do?
i'm not going to lie, i've been driving myself to the store since i got here.
i'm good, how are you?
that is great! i'm in an office so i don't watch much tv
i read alot of poetry too. do you have any favorite books?
i like sci fi, action, and comedy.
i work in an office. what kind of work do you do?
i like playing soccer and studying. do you play soccer?
that sounds like fun, i love to make sponges for a party
that is so creative!
hello i am well, what do you do for work?
nice. i've never been there, but i'd like to.
as a craft, i am not sure. it is hard to tell from
i'm sorry about that. what did you girlfriend and kids do to you?
i love carter, he used to in a documentary
ah, i have to take it one step at a time. i am age gracefully.
oh i am so sorry to hear that
baking cookies! i used to make them as a hobby.
i hope so. i'll eat some granola for breakfast.
yes. i have a nice steady income. what do you do?
my pets are not very fond of my hair style.
i've a dog that eats granola. do you have pets?
that sounds like fun. i'm going to eat some granola
i try to, but i also do gymnastics
i agree! i collect vintage pieces of art.
hi. i'm doing great. enjoying the sun today.
oh, that is great! i love the beach and playing with my furry friends.
that is a great job. what do you do for fun?
i have played on it before. i love the game.
you are very generous.
i bet he does. do you have a favorite car?
i would love to see that! drive him crazy on second life.
he sounds very entitled.
hello joanna i am kate here.
do you like dogs or cats?
do you play football? i love watching it on tv
i wish i could dye hair! my mom did that for me!
horror movies are great. what are you into?
that's funny. i do hair stylizing and i also have 3 dogs
i'm a huge star wars fan.
i know, my dogs love it, i'm excited too!
hi! i'm eating tofu for lunch, i love tofu!
i'm a vegan. i'm vegan too. do you like meat?
no, i am retired and like to hike.
five? are you a vampire?
my dad also retired, and he's in the army.
i enjoy hiking and camping. and listening to music.
i love hip hop. what about you?
i enjoy hiking and camping.
i am good. i just watched the new it movie.
do you like movies?
no. my golden retriever is ginger.
nice. my father was in world war 2, so i love animals.
you should get a dog.. i have a golden retriever named ginger.
how old are you? i turned 18 yesterday.
i do. i've seen all the movies.
hi. i'm doing well thanks. i just got back from my music class.
i'm going to school as well. i am only 5 feet 2.
i am currently at school.
i have two older siblings that are also 5 and 6.
coffee. i am in school to be a nurse. i am currently studying music.
i understand. i love music too. my parents have a concert every year
you should learn to swim.
i am currently attending school. i am 5 feet 5
no, i am only 46 years old. my dogs will let me borrow theirs though.
well, you are an interesting individual.
horses are awesome. my favorite is the britney spears doll.
well, i am not married, so i don't have to be.
i have to deal with the bee stings.
i love britney spears. she has a weird dance, but she is
i collect antiques and war antiques.
hello. i'm a woman, with two kids. do you like sci fi? i love it
that sounds exciting! i'm doing quite well. i'm myself. i am retired, though.
that is great! what is your major
i'm. do you have any children?
i'm an author, i am only 35.
that is great! i am not married, but have 2 kids.
i am sorry to hear. i am afraid of spiders and snakes.
that is great! i have two dogs and a cat.
i am a professional dog walker.
that is a lot of walking!
i like to eat healthy.
do you have any pets?
no, but i am working on my own business.
my cat is called susie and i love her too! do you have any pets?
no i just like to read cook books
hi! i am well. i am watching the office.
i'm a big fan of the office and it's soundtrack
i was, like, 7
that is very late. do you like to travel?
i'm 27
it is because i'm jewish. i am a descendant.
no. i am single and miserable.
how long has it been?
hi. i am doing well, how about you?
i love hiking and camping.
no, and nope. i'm only 40.
that's a good way to look at things.
i like to eat meat. i eat it a lot when i hike.
what kind of music do you like?
what is your favorite food?
i am retired and living the great life.
i am great how about you?
do you have a favorite sports team?
reading and sports! what about you?
i love cooking as well. i used to be a pastry chef but now i spend my time playing
i'm not. i'm into cooking. i love cooking baby olympics.
well, i'm a college graduate. i am married.
that is good! are you married?
i like sports but not softball.
i work for the government, what about you?
i am so glad you are here
that's so nice of you, how long have you been in there
that is great. i also want to travel to italy someday
wow that is impressive
i don't travel. i am a big dog person, and want to travel.
i love to read about italian travel. do you love to travel?
hello, i'm doing great. how about yourself?
i don't sing, but i can model. i can act too.
you should learn to. it is an art.
i have never heard of her.
i work in the fashion industry, model now. how about you?
you should learn! i love to sing.
i will be moving to new york city next year, for fashion model.
i grew up in california, i love new york.
i'm getting ready to watch the olympics!
just hanging out with my sister and dog. you?
i live in alpharetta, where are you from?
i love the beach, i go there all the time.
i'm sorry too. i was adopted at a young age and they had to take her.
my mom passed away when i was young. she was a nurse.
i like pizza. and i like red, reminds me of summer time.
good. just got off work, how are you?
how are you? what is your name?
that is very cool. i am an attorney. i like to practice law
i don't believe in god, i am a practicing attorney
that's cool, i've a dog too. i'm a lawyer
that is good. i'm not religious either. i am practicing law.
i am a lawyer. what state are you in?
i am good. i just came back from a long day of work.
i am an engineer and work at a computer company
that sounds really cool. what kind of work do you do? i'm an engineer.
i like classical. what kind of music do you like?
i don't know if it counts as vegan. but it is organic.
i have a pet scorpion. he is my everything.
i hate insects. they are so scary!
that's what she said.
i am well. how are you? i am a student and i don't party or drink
both, i want to study as a graduate student
that's great what do you study
do you go to school
do you have any hobbies besides partying and studying?
well i'm sure you are strong for a girl that big
oh okay. what do you like to do in your spare time?
hi! i am doing very well. just finished watching the olympics. you?
i love the zoo! i love children and my job.
how many children do you have?
that is awesome, i'm very proud of you.
i am so sorry. i am so sorry. i'm glad you are safe.
i love hospitals! i'm so glad my husband is an olympian
i teach elementary school. what is your occupation?
mostly fun. i like to travel and teach.
mine is tangled. what about yours?
i'm so sorry to hear. my parents were both very athletic.
do you own a yacht?
cool, i live on edris island as well.
i'm going to college for nursing, i want to learn to be a nurse.
no. i am mixed race. mom is a dog and dad is a cat.
i love to pet her, she loves it. she's mixed.
i am good, how are you? do you like dogs?
oh wow! i am homeschooled, i don't have any pets!
i could, but i'm allergic to animals, so i cannot.
i see. i've a son who is in junior high school.
my parents were both home schooled. what do you do?
yes. i love the spotlight. do you?
well, i am going to school for homeschooling so i don't have time.
that is so sweet of you to do that.
hello, i am a cleaning lady. what about you?
i like to paint, i am going to do a sci fi book soon.
i've two kids, they're so precious.
they are! i just got back from cleaning their cages.
being alone, and feeling isolated. what do you do?
yes. i do a lot of work at the trash can.
i work at a research facility and some of the workers have scorpions.
hi. how are you? i am good. i'm only 5 foot 2.
i do, two cats. i love them both.
are you afraid of heights? i have three.
i love music i play it all the time at school
i love metallica, but i also listen to many different artists.
i like the music they sing.
do you have any siblings?
i work at a school. what do you do?
hi. i'm doing good. nervous about our future.
i'm married to my wife. we have 6 sisters.
i listen to alot of different types of music, but mostly rock.
i am also very good at running and eating pizza
no. i have a brother, six older sisters, and a little brother.
that's cool. i work in the insurance business
no, i don't like cars, i've one older sister and six younger sisters
my older sister has a 2015 honda civic, she loves it too
tired, i am in the army. i only got one leg.
i'm tired. i was in the military. i know that pain.
she's a keeper!
i used to, but now i only eat meat and eggs.
that is great! i just started an all male band, do you have any hobbies?
no, i don't. i only have one leg and i am an old man.
that's a lot of dogs. do you like animals?
i'm sorry to hear that.
are you a robot?
i work at a hollister and i've to stay cool
that is great i am a pro skater in my free time
i work at a bookstore in cali now too, what do you do?
i am a pro bluegrass singer and i hate chips
nope, i was born with it, but i had to have it removed
i'm still working at hollister, it is a retail store. what about you?
good. just had my transplant.
i just had surgery, so i don't eat anything but sardines and raw tofu
i had a surgery and now i am recovering.
thank you. do you play any sports?
i have one sardinian and one tuna.
sure. i don't know how. but i'll figure it out.
yes. i love dogs. what did you go to high school for?
oh man, that is terrible! do you like frisbee?
good, you? my stories are always on the ww2 history channel.
i have a cat and a dog. how about you?
i've never seen a husky. i've heard of them but never owned one.
do you like watching movies? i love star wars and captain america.
agreed. i'm currently writing a book for a children's book club.
wow! sorry to hear that. is it healing?
that is awful. i am glad you are ok
no, but i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i am great. i love to go hiking and play outside.
that is good, what do you watch?
what do you do for a living
well that is fine. do you like music?
that's great what do you like to do for fun?
oh that is cool i love animals
it is going well. just finished watching the olympics.
i have two dogs. i love them both!
i am well. how about you?
no i am single. what about you?
congrats! i'm nervous about the wedding because my husband is ex military.
not really we just have kids and work
wow, that is pretty cool. do you have brothers?
yes it is but i have to do it. i'm a woman
i went to school in alabama. you?
that is nice. i grew up in ny.
i am sorry. i'm so sorry.
well, maybe you should find someone to settle down with.
yeah, that is true. i don't like being still.
i understand. i'm divorced and i need to find a new man.
that sounds delicious!
i would love to have you and your kids
i am sure you are right.
i have seen a video where a robot fires a bottle of sauce
oh wow! congratulations. it is good. i think it will be good for you.
that is nice, i go to church every sunday
oh wow that's a big family
i know. i am very conservative as well.
you should definitely get one! i go every sunday!
i'm not religious either but my family has a church down the street.
oh electric cars have been in the works for years now, but i am not religious
that is awesome. my family is in the street next to me, i go every sunday
hi! i'm going to see my doctor next week!
i'm going to be a doctor, i want to help people
that is really great. do you like to travel?
i do both! i want to become a doctor too!
i like to shop too but i am not very good at it.
i want to become a doctor, but i am not sure yet
what is your blog about?
you should get one then. i want to be a doctor
i work from home. my husband and i just got a home.
no, i'm not really a fan of sports.
i don't have any pets, but i do enjoy watching movies and tv
well my husband is a mechanic so he makes bank
oh wow, are you happy there?
my boyfriend loves pizza, i don't like it
i've never seen that. what is it about?
i don't like the walking dead.
that is nice, i am allergic to shellfish, but my job is in a shell company.
that is nice, i am a handyman and would love to travel.
on a mountain in colorado.
it is from a song by the who
i've never been, but sounds like fun!
i have a vintage mustang.
i like vintage cars.
i'm not a fan of romances.
great just got back from the gym
orange, i am so excited for fall!
do you enjoy the outdoors? i love to travel and explore new places
no i am not. i am more of a christian
i'm the same way. my parents were very strict too, but i love meeting new people
that sounds like fun. i don't like sports
that is sad. i am so sorry
no, i haven't. i'm more into cooking, and bach!
i don't like to cook, i am an engineer. i build and maintain machines.
i don't like milk, and dark is my fave.
i am an engineer. i make a living. and i eat a lot of bacon.
what do you do for work? i am an engineer.
i studied engineering. i want to be a lawyer.
i love to eat bacon.
that is awesome, i am an engineer, so we ate some food there.
i'm well! how are you?
yeah, i understand, do you have any pets?
that is so precious! i'm so sorry. i hope you get to relax soon!
we have two dogs. my cat and my dog.
i work as a nurse. it is a part time gig.
me too! i make pizza rolls and garlic bread. do you like pizza rolls?
that would be awful! i don't like animals.
i'm sure you will!
hi i am from the land down under.
do you like dogs? i've a lab named max.
do you like dogs? i've a dog named max.
wow. i am glad it was cosmetic surgery.
that is awful! what did you go through?
yes, i am studying law right now. do you have a favorite color?
i love to travel. what kind of car do you have?
i love to explore new parts of the country.
hi, good just getting ready for work, you?
sorry to hear that. is your sister a dog?
i just want to travel, i love to read travel guides.
he is a big dog. do you walk him?
not much. i just got back from a long walk.
i have been there, but it was very hot.
interesting. what do you do in your spare time?
i live in arizona. where do you live?
oh, i am not familiar with that state.
i'm from italy. what about you?
that is what we should strive for.
bush. i think he's pretty smart.
she's a good person, you should listen to her.
do you think that is why she lost?
i'm sure you would be amazed at just how much more they can do with computers.
good. just hiked a little. i like to sketch.
i like weird too, do you have any interesting stickers
that's cool, i like the stickers, do you have a favorite?
i read poetry. do you like poetry
i live in north carolina, in a very nice area
oh, you are a smart cookie. do you have hobbies?
oh ok, what did you do?
you have a safe good night to you
hi randy, i am fine thanks. just hiked on a beautiful day
oh wow! i like music. i'm single and have 2 boys.
you'd be surprised, my accountant husband takes after me.
do you like music? i play country music
oh nice. i am in ohio myself. i love the city and country life.
cleveland is nice but i love hiking in my honda civic.
oh yeah? what is your favorite food?
that is nice to hear. i am single with two boys.
i am well! how are you? i'm on a farm with my wife.
blue is pretty. i like mystery as well
i am not a pro, but i am a fan. blue is my favorite color.
i'm not a huge reader, but my children like mysteries.
i am a huge blue eyed step child. i love the color blue.
sure, i like mystery stuff, like what is going on in the world.
i like blue, i wish i could grow another one
they are like my children but i never saw them.
i am doing well thanks. you?
nope, just a stock broker. what about you?
wow you must be very wealthy.
that's awesome, i like your style, what do you like to do
yep, fish and chips are my favorites.
yes, do it, i do and my dog charlie loves it!
my dogs name is charlie
i was in the 80 s also! how old are you?
i'm great, how are you doing?
i love being active and go to school, so i love sports.
that's so interesting, what do you want to study in college?
i am a sophomore. what about you?
no, i'm only a girl so no pets.
i like white labs. what color do you want?
yes, he's very affectionate. what do you do?
haha. i'm still in college. i want to go to college to become a dog trainer.
sure. how about a game of monopoly?
oh that's nice. i've never been to a pet store
my brother just got married. what color is your quilt?
that would be amazing. what would the quilt be made of?
no. i like cats. i just finished a biographies.
that is good. do you like playing games?
sure, what are you into?
great, how are you today
that would be nice. i drive a big truck for a living.
what do you do? i have 7 kids, that is plenty for me
i don't. i grew up on a farm so i have lots of time to read.
i like the ocean. blue is my favorite color.
that's nice what do you do now?
i will have 7 children so yes!
i am just getting into the job market.
yes! i am currently in school teaching music. how about you?
i have a dog and 4 siblings
i like music too. it helps me deal with my anxiety.
my family has four children, so it is quite overwhelming.
no, but i work in the food service field
thank you. i try to eat clean. i also make vegan meals.
making music, i like music. do you have any siblings?
harriet is a dog. i've four.
i'm good, how are you today?
oh no, not at all. i am a man and hate being still.
i don't have a lot of time for worry. i am 40.
i'm 40. i don't like it.
that is a great hobby. i love to build things with my hands
that sounds fun. i build houses and hang out at the mall
what do you like to do in your spare time?
i think i'll stick to being a recluse
i am thinking salad, chicken, and pizza with black olives.
that sounds great! i also like to do quilts.
that sounds like fun, i wish i was there for the war!
i love quilts. i do them while i eat my omelette.
no, but i've heard its a beautiful place.
i do and they're great.
i don't either. she loves to quilt.
that's cool. i am not much of a reader, only read a book while i watch tv
hi! just got back from hiking and eating meat. you?
wow, sounds like a lot of fun!
i am in college and have to pay for it.
what type of music do you like?
i love meat and meat eaters.
i love taking pictures and would love to have one someday.
yeah, i like the outdoors as well.
you are not alone. i think its boring.
i'm fine, i live with my boyfriend and he is a lawyer.
no, just my dog
i do write. i am going to school to be a lawyer.
i used to write for a playboy
i love those. i am working on a law review.
oh, i've a dog named max. he likes to play with my dog max.
do you live with any?
well i am a law student so i like to travel
i love to play tennis! what about you?
oh wow are you a woman or a boy
that is great! i just had my nails done
i just got my nails done
my dad sold cars. he has a car dealership.
my dad has a car salesman business. i love going to the beach.
i think they are pretty cool too. do you have any kids?
i would love to go to college
great! i'm just practicing my lawyer skills.
i live in ohio and work as an attorney. do you work?
i'm practicing bird law
rabbits are very beautiful animals. i am afraid of heights so i practice my bird law.
that sounds very spiritual, do you exercise
i live in oklahoma but i don't workout much.
yes i do. do you have pets?
i am 13 and i am allergic to shellfish.
middle school is tough, i like to hunt, i've a lot of time on my hands
i want to be a musician i hate shellfish
i'm a little older than you but i love classic cars like hondas and mustangs
i like classical music and i'm allergic to shellfish
i'm not much of a cook i do a lot of maintenance
well i'm a hunter myself, what else would you want
that sounds great! do you hunt at all?
hello, i'm feeling pretty average today.
nice. i like to walk my dog, she's a lab
i like that idea
i do love my gardening.
i have a big garden full of vegetables
carrots are so pretty! i love to plant them in my garden.
oh, i am in the middle of a field, i don't like crowds
i am very well. how are you?
i do surf a lot too, i have a brother and three sisters.
that is a nice way to spend your day.
nice! i'm not sure if i'd go for that, but i'd look.
i've a cousin that is 5 feet. do you?
that's cool! i live in canada.
wow that's awesome. what kind of music?
i want to be a fashion designer
what are you studying? i'm studying fashion as i have not finished school yet
law school can be tough. you have to be smart about it.
i want children badly but i want to be a fashion designer.
that would be very nice.
he agreed to do it. it was a nice guy.
the judge threw the book at me. i'm lucky.
no, but i had to go to jail for a year.
hi i am in seattle and i am a kindergarten teacher. what about you?
i am in seattle for school and you?
i see, what kind of art?
that's a good skill to have. art is important
what is your frugal obsession?
i am sorry you don't feel better. i teach at a local school and need all the help
i agree. i teach kindergarten and people say i'm too young to study
stickers are very pretty. i also like to paint my nails
that is nice. i don't drink soda.
i am single, so no kids for me.
i love building stuff with my hands and being alone.
nope. divorced and i'm single.
i have kids. my wife and i are divorced and we are having twins.
yes i work for the post office
that is cool! what do you do for work?
not if my wife is around!
i am. my girlfriend and i are on a trip to see family.
i see. i am studying to be a lawyer
that's cool! do you like to travel?
that sounds fun. i live with a lot of my girlfriends and i love going on adventures
very interesting. do you like to travel?
i do. i love traveling, so i travel a lot.
my parents are from somalia. do you have any pets?
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
no i don't. i love the mountains and have three animals.
i like the mountains near my house. i live near them.
i love to explore new places. i like to take my three cats with me.
do you have a pet. i like dogs.
i bet the animals would enjoy it a lot, too!
i am a teacher. so i love animals too.
do you have a pet?
doing good, how about you?
that is wonderful. i live in canada, i love the cold.
sounds nice. i live in the country myself.
no pets, but i do have a brother and sister
no. i'm not rich, i spend my free time gambling.
well, i'm a stock broker. what do you do?
no, i don't like it, i work for a large bank.
hi. i am doing well. how are you?
oh wow, i work at pet smart too and my dog would run into my quilts
no, i work at a pet shop.
that sounds like a great family. i love being in a military family
my father was a farmer and he fought in world war ii. what do you do?
my husband and i both work at pet smart.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you are safe now.
that sounds cool. my dad used to be a cop.
i am studying to be a lawyer.
i am 24. what do you do?
that's great. i don't travel much because i am studying.
they're fun but i like to travel. do you?
anything that involves roller coasters. and my dog max!
i'm so jealous too. we should go on adventures together!
that's a good goal! do you have any pets?
hi, i'm watching the office with my kids. i am a mother of 2.
what city are you in?
that sounds amazing. i wish i had time to hike!
no, but i do love hiking.
no, not really. i like to work, go to the gym, and relax.
yes, my boys like to run and play outside.
i am a custodian, i do a lot of cleaning
i love dancing. i do both work and free time.
sure, i am lucy.
not really, i prefer burgers. i do like tacos though!
i work in an office. how about yourself?
yes it is very fun i am also a student
yes i am. i am married to a doctor.
i am too. but i also attend soccer matches.
that's a great song, my favorite is lucy.
so what do you do for a living?
hi. i'm doing well. how are you?
that is pretty cool. i teach kindergarten.
well i graduated 2 years ago, but my cat is still there
economics, so i don't like animals. do you have any pets?
yes, but the cats were there so i did not mind
i teach kindergarten. what do you do?
i love to read, i have a big library at home.
i like the pizza, i make it when i get home from my lessons
good just binging on the lord of the rings marathon
i've two jobs. one is as a professional wrestler and one as a geek.
that's awesome. what is your favorite book?
i am a teacher and love the work i do
i've never been there, maybe i should
i am in college studying language arts
i used to run when i was younger, but not anymore.
sure, i'll take you on a friday.
oh! well, what is your favorite type of music?
i love sardines! i eat them as a snack when i am bored.
i don't know what that's.
they sure do! do you have a favorite color?
i am in high school, i am just studying to be a lawyer.
i am sure you will have a great time!
i am doing well. just got done with my gardening task.
i like listening to classical music while i work.
i don't drink or smoke. i like to garden. do you like to garden?
that sounds like a wonderful job. do you have any hobbies?
oh really? i love animals. i am a buckeye fan.
no, i was born in germany.
yes i'm a buckeye fan. what about yourself?
what do you study in college?
i'm in florida reading a couple of books
that is close. i used to work there. what about you?
i have two dogs and a cat, they're great. i love working with them
i've a dog. he is black lab and he's a sweetheart.
i have a dog named spiderman as well
it was a great time. do you like movies?
i am relaxed and have been for weeks now.
it is fun. i used to work at a carnival
hello. i'm in the real estate business, and you?
horses are beautiful. i have two of them.
cool. i'm glad you enjoy ranching.
thanks. we have been traveling the world for the past two years.
do you have kids?
i'm 34, two children, and a dog, and i have been working for 12 years.
i like to eat organic when i cook but i can still cook.
he sure was. we spent summers working with him in the mines.
i am doing okay. enjoying the evening watching the lord of the rings
i love them! what about you?
i work at a bar
oh, yeah. i've seen some pretty horrible stuff.
i am a musician, i also love to watch the lord of the rings!
do you like to ride bikes too? i do. i also like to binge watch the lord of
that must have been fun. i love the movies, but have never seen a good one.
that's not healthy. i hope you figure it out soon.
i'm doing great! how are you?
that is awesome do you play often
i've two dogs that i love, do you have any pets?
i will be honest, i don't like my job.
oh no! that is why i always go to the casino
i'm not sure if i should be happy or sad. i've 2 dogs and i love them
i work in the construction field. i've 2 dogs and a sardine dish
that is great what do you do for work
i am well, and you?
i am fine. i just finished a program that helped troubled youth.
i don't have any pets. how about you?
that is awful. what about a cat?
i like italian food too, italian with pepperoni and garlic bread.
you should come sing at my show! i'm teaching italian food to troubled kids
i help out at the local elementary school. you?
great! i am a nurse. what do you do?
it is a horror movie. what is your favorite color?
what do you do for fun?
yeah it happens. it is very scary.
i'm so glad to hear that. i'm glad youre still with us.
no i don't like them. my favorite color is green.
no. i am a nurse, and you?
i like to collect teddy bears.
i'm great, just got home from looking at my roses in the park. you?
i am in middle school, i want to be an actor when i get out
that is good, i am in middle school. i have a hard time getting motivated though
i love kids, i have three. i'm graduating in a month
wow that's a lot of pets. how many siblings do you have
wow, that is alot of pets. i have a cat but hate him
that's awesome! i have a dog. i named him charlie
oh, i see. i'm from ohio. what about you?
hello. do you like to skateboard?
yes i love them. i met them in kindergarten.
i'm not much of a cook, but my favorite food is shawarma.
no, i don't. i work in the industry and have a big family.
i am a health teacher. i love working out.
i have to sell insurance first. my father was a salesman, too.
i love movies, i go to see it at least twice a year.
i'm good, how are you?
i am listening to the radio, what are you listening to?
i'm not working right now. i'm on my aunt's farm.
yum. yes. my parents have a big family so i'm a busy person.
i like to listen to country music. do you like country music
do you like music? i like music.
no i'm 6 foot but i like music i attend school
you have great hair and eyes.
hello. do you like new kids on the block?
i work at mcdonalds, i eat fast food because i am a jewish atheist.
i understand. my parents are always trying to get me into something i am not interested in.
i like the food. i don't like sweets.
i'm not a fan of fast food, i like pizza and chicken.
that's great! i work at the office of the new york office.
i don't like sweets, but i love pizza. how about you?
i understand, do you have a family?
i am very well. how are you?
that sounds pretty cool
yes i have kids and i love them all.
i like to go to the gym a lot. do you like to go?
oh i like that, sounds good to me
i am. i eat a lot of water and exercise. you?
well at least you are still with me.
i am doing great. i got a lot of teddy bears and hats
that is cool i volunteer at a local red cross, i love it
i am a volunteer now, i am studying to become a nurse
do you have any pets? i have a cat and a dog.
rap is cool, what is your favorite food? mine is pizza
no. i do volunteer though, and do a lot of walking.
that is great, i love being active, i have a ton of teddy bears!
i am a red cross volunteer
