i am good. how about you?
cool. i like ultimate frisbee. i met a few people there.
oh, i see. i don't eat chocolate anymore.
i love to meet new people.
i live with my parents in bora bora
i am sorry, i'm not allowed to eat cake. i live with my parents
oh i am sorry i didn't understand what you meant.
what kind of music do you like?
i'm doing great, how old are you? i'm 35.
my dad is a doctor and i'm a teacher, so i try to be kind to him.
do you have a job? i am a stay at home dad
my father has three guns, i love them all
yeah i've 3 guns, love them! and i also like driving my pickup truck!
i like to hunt for squirrels and rabbits, and eat the fat off of them.
i am sure you do. i like to stay busy and go out hunting every sunday
i have a lot of free time. i love to hunt.
i am. i am studying nursing, and you?
i do, it is helping me pay the bills, dogs and cats are great
nice, i have a dog, a chihuahua. he's a handful but very well
i have 2 dogs and a cat. do you have any pets?
i live in arizona, do you live in north dakota?
no, i am not. i do have two dogs and a cat though.
i understand that. i'm a cat person myself
do you go to the gym regularly?
sure, do you have a job
no i don't. i am single.
yes, especially since i'm single. i don't want kids.
that is good, you should be proud. i am single
i am happy being single and alone
it will help with my headaches. and my heart condition
you need to get to know each other.
ok. just making sure
i am good, just got off of work.
awesome! i love animals! i own two dogs.
i love animals. i own two of them. do you?
no. i am more into hiking and reading.
i love walking my dog for exercise
what kind of dog do you have?
i love animals. and i have two dogs.
that is okay. i'm afraid of heights so i attend church
i am doing good how are you
that sounds like an interesting job
i'm a custodian to be exact
wow! i love dogs! i have 2!
i agree. i am a pediatrician so i love to help kids and my husband
i live in ohio. you?
i'm in texas. where are you from
my kids and i are listening to jazz music
hi i don't. i'm single so no children
oh wow, i am a musician. do you have any children?
yeah i love rap music, and my favorite food is sushi
that is really cool, i wish i had time for weights
i love rap music, especially some of the stuff from the early 80 s
yes you are. i'm only 24
i love granola, i eat it in the afternoon sometimes.
i used to be a gym teacher so i've to stay fit sometimes
that's pretty young to be in the bathroom of mcdonalds
wow. that's a lot of kids! i'm sorry.
you sound like you could use a burger.
what is your favorite food? mine is burgers.
maybe. i am busy preparing for my law school.
no. maybe you can tutor.
wow that is cool. my older sister used to do that.
thank you for your concern. i will try to be more considerate.
hi, i'm great! i'm eating all kinds of meat and preparing for my bodybuilding class
sounds like you are having a great night.
do you have any siblings?
well i do like a lot of meat.
do you drink alot?
no pets. i am not very social. i am a body builder.
i eat a lot of meat. how about you?
cool, what kind of stories?
i'm good! i just finished fixing my classic car.
awesome, i am in new york city.
i have 2 boys. i like to watch movies as well.
that's good. i don't like shellfish, so i'm allergic to it.
it is very fun. my job is pretty stressful though.
i buy everything girl, i work at a convenience store now, i love it
well, you are a man. women are meant to be in the kitchen, not in the bedroom
hi, i am reading a mystery and enjoying it.
i do too. i love to read mystery books.
i grew up with a farm, we had a lot of old stuff like that.
i used to teach reading and i like reading.
yes, but not all the time. do you like to read?
i am on a small farm so i don't travel much.
yeah it is. i love to read. i also like to hike.
lol, i am no jiu jitsu expert, but sounds like something you'd enjoy!
yes, i love bucs football
i've never been north of ohio, what about you?
i am allergic to everything they put on me.
do you have any pets?
no, i am allergic. i would die.
i have never played it. i would like to try it.
i am a kid in school, i don't have time to play much.
no, i've not. but i would like to. do you live nearby?
i'm doing well. just got back from feeding the birds. how are you?
awesome! simple plan is a favorite of mine too.
that's cool. what are you watching?
cool! what are you up to this evening?
they are hard workers, i am sure they will get found.
maybe if you showed me a better idea.
do you like pizza?
hey! i'm eric, i live in ohio.
nice! i drive a civic. it is a nice car
my dogs names are tim and abc, do you have pets?
it is nice. the weather is kinda chill this week.
what is your favorite activity?
i'm a teacher, so i love kids
i try to give back by going to the gym.
hi. i'm good and yourself?
that sounds great. i am in school too. i need to study.
i have never played. i'd love to try it though
i love playing under water. i love the ocean.
of course! my students love her. do you like fish?
maybe. do you go to school?
are they both male or female?
i live in canada. i like to code.
my family and i are from canada so we love ice tea.
oh that is cool. i code as well.
i do web design. i also like to code.
i am a student, i just want to learn to code.
i do. i do some web design.
that is cool, do you have any hobbies?
i am a very special girl.
hi i am good how are you?
thanks, how is your day going
i am retired and love riding horses
oh wow, i hope you two have a great evening
that's nice. i hope he does. what is he building?
do you have any animals?
i work as a stunt double for movies
i'm retired and love to play games on the weekends
i like bluegrass too, but i prefer country. what about you?
what is your job
i do love me some potato chips. i could use them as a snack.
oh dear. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
sorry to hear. are you ok now?
you are very welcome
i understand that but i want to be a designer and not a mom
yes. what is your favorite color?
i have three children. what are your children's names?
that would be amazing! do you have any favorite foods to eat?
oh wow that sounds really fun! i love cats.
do you like to cook? i love cooking but also enjoy fishing.
yes, he's the man. you should try to be.
about three years now, i like cooking and have 3 children.
my husband and i both like to cook but he does not like it.
four is a lot, i live alone with my cat and my hat.
i'm retired, and i live in california.
well i hope your exercise is healthy. i don't dance but sing.
i bet you would love a five foot quilt.
do you like to read? i do.
i am so happy to hear that. do you have any pets?
i like to eat and drink and take walks.
hi. i drive a nissan pathfinder
i like christian rock, i work at a pet store
you are so very lucky! i work at a pet store and my dad used to be a cop
wow that's interesting. what do you do now?
that is great! i am a musician and love music!
i like running and playing with my pets
do you like horses? i've a black lab named trooper.
i am so hungry, i am getting some chili
i am doing well. just got home from a visit to the doctor.
what do you study? nursing?
law is hard work, i hate it! i hate my dad too.
thanks, i don't get along with my dad
you buy the rights to use the animals in comics.
wow. you must have been really smart. i don't know what happened.
i agree. i hate to admit it but i learned a lot from my dad
what do you do for work?
i'm good how are you?
i love dogs, my family has a dog park.
i have a boy named taylor
i went to pennsylvania state
nice. what do you do in the free time?
i do like watching the holidays.
my family and i love to celebrate
yes i do, and a good groomer
i am well. how are you?
i love red, reminds me of summer time.
i love to play games and play with my toys.
no, not at all. my mother is a doctor though.
i live in cali, near the ocean.
i do. i have a dog. what kind?
banjo is a girl. and yes, i have a computer science degree.
no, i'm a recluse. i eat kosher.
yum! i'll have to try that! thanks!
i camp a lot, especially at night's.
i have never been there. it is a new york thing, i don't travel.
i don't have a mom. i live alone and like my jazz.
i work at a nursing home, i get home at 5:30, and i work on
that is wonderful. i live in new york and i cannot wait to move out.
ok. just making sure. i am a professional singer
i love cats they're so cute and scary
oh really how do they work
do you have any pets
wow small town. my parents have lots of land
i m from south carolina how about you
i like to listen to country music but i prefer horror movies
i hope so too, i hope you do well too
i'm well, thanks. how are you?
i am a part time gigolo for a music company
i love rock music but i am not good at playing it, would you like to play guitar with
i'm 5 foot 7 and i love to party, i also like to party
do you like playing guitar
that's cool. i like parties.
what subject are you in?
i am doing well, thank you. what do you do?
hi. i am playing a game of monopoly with my best friend.
do you have any pets?
do you enjoy your work?
that is fine. you have hobbies. i don't.
i don't like going out. my friends are always drinking, i don't like it.
maybe it is time for you to get some new friends.
you are so lucky to not have any bad habits. i quit years ago.
yes it does. you should come over and play sometime.
i'm great. just got home from work.
a mini dachshund. what about you?
he is 5 years old. what is your occupation?
yes we do, he is 5'11
yes, i love it. i am a stay at home dad.
do you have a pet? i've a dog named pedro.
well, i am interested in dogs. do you have any pets?
cars are fun. i have a dog too. his name is doggie.
i'm doing great, thanks! i'm in the hospital so its making it hard to type.
i worked as a waitress for a long time. what about you?
you are so lucky. i cannot work because my disability
i am good at working. i just cannot knit.
that's cool. my job is in a maternity ward.
lol, yes, it can be hard to work on a boat with a disability like mine.
fried food is great. i love fried chicken
i do like fried foods. what do you like to knit?
i am well. how are you?
i am doing well. how are you?
i am sorry. i am allergic to dogs so singing karok helps me sleep.
i like to explore new parts of the city and sing
i sing when i'm with friends, my mom is not here to hear me.
that's awesome! i'm allergic to dogs.
i don't have kids. i am retired and living the great life.
do you like to travel? i've never traveled. i am allergic to dogs
i like hiking and stuff, do you like to hike?
no, i am more of a meat eater. i also hike.
i've no siblings
i work in the health field. what do you like to do?
she's a health secretary. she is really good at her job
no i don't. i am a skinny vegan
i'm a huge meat eater, i love meat
i enjoy hiking and camping. what about you?
hi. good, how are you?
i love to wear anything. i am a nurse so anything goes.
i usually shop for shoes, i have just finished my training as a nurse
i don't care for models. i'm only close to my sister.
i don't. i am single though.
i love movies and have a lot of family that i'm close with
no i don't want any kids. i am single so i don't care about them.
it is hard work but i am close with my sister so it is ok with me.
i'm good, just got back from work. how are you?
i'm good just got home from work
do you have a favorite toy?
rabbits are cute, i adopted one
it is a fun time. i also like watching war documentaries
yeah what did you do to get in there
well that's cool, do you like it
no not me, i like my friends
good afternoon how are you
that sounds great, i wish i could have more time alone
that is very kind of you to offer. i'll be alone most of the week.
i am single with no kids, but i do like to travel.
yes i'm very grateful. my ex cheated and left me for a lawyer.
that is a good attitude to have!
i work out 7 days a week. not that bad.
it does work, i've a lot of energy from just being alone
great! i just got home from a ride in my new bmw
nice, i teach elementary school too. my boyfriend takes my bunnies.
i work at a bar at night to pay bills.
i can totally cook for you.
i don't like honey. i do like fish.
i like to work out a lot, and i'm going to college next year
yes it will. it is good that i want to design.
i do. i want kids. my boyfriend and i are going to be a couple soon
i am doing well. i just came back from a walk with my dog
i don't. i am a dog person myself, though!
that is awful. what happened?
i like to take my dogs out for adventures.
that sounds great! i'm taking my dogs on a dog walking tour!
that's great! what is your favorite food?
i like to eat at the dog food bank sometimes
do you have any pets?
i do and what about you
do you play video games?
i am a video game designer. do you like sports?
not any more i'm single
i like to play video games and read play video games
yup! they are getting married.
they are, they look great together. i'm excited too!
they do have a kid, she's named leigh.
hi. i am a single mom of two boys.
wow. you must be a very wealthy person.
cool, i am single and have 2 boys.
yeah, i am single with 2 boys and a mom.
i am going to get a honda civic and i will be a single dad mom.
i'm going hiking this weekend. maybe i will take pictures
i love to write, too. i have a lot of spare time.
i'm very well thank you. how are you?
i worked in the human services field. how about you?
that's cool! do you have any hobbies?
bluegrass is fun too! i listen to it while i skateboard.
i love chips. i love making them.
i am not a fan of pizza. i do like bbq though.
yes i've! what is your favorite thing to do?
i'm going to go eat some alfredo. i want some too
i am good, i ate some meat. what about you?
my brother used to hunt, he's a big fan of it.
i am not sure. maybe next spring.
i would love that. are you a lawyer?
my brother used to tell me that if you have to eat meat, you can always become a body
that's not fun at all.
i've two brothers who are good body builders, one sister.
that is nice what is your favorite food?
i'm good, and you?
i love to read, but i am no expert. do you have kids?
i am a nurse so i work a lot.
yum! i love pizza
that sounds very catholic, i don't think i've ever met someone that isn't
oh my gosh that's so cool. my favorite color is purple
i am a nurse what do you do for a living
lol that is funny. are you a christian too?
hi, i am well, and you?
hello, i am studying to be a hairstylist right now.
not really, but i am a huge foodie. i like all kinds of food!
i love the ocean. i am going to eat some granola for breakfast.
i love traveling. i'm going to a new place for the first time.
i like the blue eyes and orange stripe that is on my car.
nemo. i love that fish. what grade are you going to school for
it is in chicago, but i am graduating from high school in a few years.
hello, i am doing good. where are you from?
i love beaches, i love reading
i work at a school in nj
my wife is a teacher also.
i grew up reading mystery books my parents were farmers
oh i like animals too. my daughter loves to pet them
i like blue a lot also
i am a teacher at a school and love mystery. what about you?
hello! my day just got a little better. how is yours?
i'm in high school. how about you?
i am going to be a vet next year. i love animals.
because i want to become a doctor
that is true, do you like shopping? i love to
i will try to shop shop shop, and shop. my parents are not supportive of me.
i bet. i want to become a vet when i get out of high school though.
yes, i am going to an adult convention next year. i want to experience it.
hello, i'm lucy. how are you?
i'm working as a secretary, i've been at it for a long time now
do you like chocolate candy? i love candy. i've a chocolate bar at home.
i play soccer, i love it. i also like eating candy
awesome! i love sports, i played on the soccer team in college.
it is ok, it was all for naught.
i like chocolate candy the best
i've a weakness for strawberries. do you like chocolate?
sure, whats your fave food? mine is cheeseburgers.
it is great. i've two kids. i love them.
no, but i have 2 kids, both kindergarten.
that is awesome. i am an environmentalist
that sounds like fun. do you have any kids projects?
my kids are so precious. i love them so much
i love it. it is like watching a movie
cool. i just started a job as an agent.
sure, i love to read
i do write my own fanfic and i have two jobs.
i am a huge fan of all things music, but i am not very good at it.
that is interesting. i like to write my own books, mostly in scribes.
i want to be a lawyer.
aang can save the world from cancer.
wow, i never heard of that before. sounds fun.
cool! what do you do for a living?
i'm doing well, how are you?
i'm a pet shop manager
i do, but no children. i work at a pet store.
what do you do for work?
i have a dog, do you have a pet?
well you are still a teacher
my parents are very strict about diet, so i cannot go running.
i do too! my favorite thing to do is run, i love it.
i'm just browsing the web on my turtle, tim.
you will not be disappointed. i just moved to bora bora from germany
do you have any hobbies? i like to go to bora bora beach and meet new people
you are in college? i'm an undergrad.
what is your favorite sport?
oh okay. do you have any hobbies?
no i don't play. i am more of a ultimate fan.
i live in the boondocks now. i want to live in the city.
i am doing good how are you?
hi joanna i'm ashley and i love horror movies.
i love gymnastics i am a silver medalist
i like the sound of that. i hope to go back to school when i'm older
i love music, i sing some of the scariest movies
i grew up there. i miss my family
they have those too! do you sing?
i am sorry you have to go through something like this
hello. i'm well and how are you?
yes. i like to make fluffs and sing about letters.
it was great! i love pink floyd and the color pink.
i do. i also like music when i'm bored.
i love music too, and my cats.
they are very social animals. i hate cats, but love dogs.
yeah they do. i am not a fan.
i am doing great! i just got done working. i just got home from the gym.
i am lonely too, so you must be lonely too
i go to the gym most days, just got home from feeding the rabbits.
i am. do you like dogs?
animals are people too. i have a pet cow.
very good. do you work?
i work at a nursing home and go to the gym often.
i have a lot of family. i go to the gym with them all the time.
i'm good. i just got back from work. how are you?
i am a little tired. i have a long day at the bank.
nope, all grown up!
oh you have kids? how nice?
oh i understand that, i am single so i don't have much time for my family
what do you like to do?
i'm sure
i am sorry, i'm a single dad and am single.
i've. how old are you?
i have a dog. she's a lab. they all love reading
oh, wow. are you in the army?
my job is cleaning out cages at research institutions.
no i don't paint. i'm a custodian for now.
no, i am too short and lanky.
my parents have raised me right!
yes they do! and i am very happy about it
good, how are you? i am an arctic explorer.
sounds fun! i love karaoke!
i am not saying it is. i am just saying. do you have any hobbies?
i have a dog, his name is shelby.
that is sad. i used to teach geology but got more interested in ice fishing.
you are right, very cool. do you like ice fishing?
cool. do you like food? i hunt polar bears for food
i am sorry, but i don't speak anymore.
just hanging out with my dogs, you?
that's nice. what kind of car?
you could always rent one out. i've found that being a handyman pays off
what do you do for work?
i do, i've a cat. do you have pets?
do you like to cook? i do, but i'm allergic to seafood.
i've a turtle. i rescued him from a pet store
i'm allergic to shellfish.
good. just finished a case with my attorney
oh my gosh i love dogs i am a lawyer
nice, what kind of dogs do you have?
i am not religious. do you have any pets?
i am a lawyer. do you like lawyers?
do you enjoy the outdoors?
i live on a horse ranch. i'm terrified of scorpions though.
i don't like the beach. i am a dog person myself
i'm doing pretty good how about yourself?
i am sorry about that, what did he do to you?
i just take it easy and enjoy my evening, it helps me get through the day
i am sure it does. do you have any hobbies?
that's a cute name! i like the color orange.
a cat, i am allergic to it
yeah, i don't mind spending a little extra money on my paintings
that sounds great. i like to read, too, but i am allergic to cats.
i am doing good. how are you?
i love to cook paella and eat it while watching the race.
i'm an elementary school teacher. i do a lot of volunteer work.
that is nice what subject do you teach?
i'm currently in high school. how about you?
i'm currently in school and work from home
i listen to music at home, i like to play instruments and sing.
i listen to alot of old stuff. mostly folk music.
i'm a vegan too. do you like sushi?
i'm a sushi chef. what about you?
yes, very much, especially since i am vegan.
my father used to work in the industry.
oh, that is nice. what do you like to do for fun?
i understand that, it is good to know
i do like working out. what do you do?
awesome, i like the outdoors. i like to go to national parks
i am doing well. listening to country music while showering.
i listen to country music when i swim.
i listen to country music. i am a young adult.
i love country music! i also love ice tea.
i like to go to country concerts and listen to country music
do you get to travel a lot? i love traveling
that sounds cool. do you have any hobbies?
what other things do you enjoy?
i'm doing good. how are you?
oh wow, you must have been a fun person to hang out with
oh nice! that is awesome. i used to build houses
i'm a carpenter, we had a pottery class.
i like to read a lot too. my wife and kids need more reading.
math is cool. i like chess.
well i used to be good at count, but i stopped. now i like to play poker.
i am trying to read a book about a carpenter.
just watching a horror movie.
my name is rob, do you have any pets?
well, you can always find a new passion.
do you have any hobbies? i love cooking.
i'm sorry to hear that. i wish you the best in finding a job.
oh, okay. that is great. my name is katrina.
yup, i'm six four and very big.
nice. do you have pets?
hello! i am from new york. what about you?
i love the cold, especially since i'm a young adult.
i work in the computer industry.
no, i graduated a few years ago.
i live in canada and love the country. do you code?
i am young, i need to learn to code.
i'm in a small town outside of mississippi.
i love bbq, i wish i could eat it.
do you like to dance? i love it.
bummer. do you have pets?
i'm a custodian. i clean up after the cats and dogs
what do you do for a living?
you will need to find someone else to do that
i am an artist, i make short stories.
that's great! what do you do for a living?
hello. i'm good, how are you?
that sounds like a really fun job.
that's why i stay away from the water. it is so scary.
are you a woman? i like to have fun with my friends.
cool, do you have any hobbies?
you can get flatscreen tvs these days.
sounds like a nice family. my parents are always trying to get me a dog.
i am doing well, and yourself?
that is cool. do you work at all?
it is a job that i love, so we can be happy.
i love music, and i do play softball.
center field, but i can play any position. what do you do?
that sounds great. i am going to be a coach in the spring.
i love mexican food, especially chinese food made from mexican ingredients.
that's so true! i wish there was more classical music in my youth.
hey. i'm good, how are you?
oh wow that sounds like an interesting task!
do you have any pets?
not much, i only play board games with my friends.
i would rather be playing board games with my pet cat than traveling.
it is a beautiful place, but i think it needs a little love.
i have never been to vegas, i might take you on a trip.
what is your favorite food? mine is chips, my pet.
i'm doing well thank you. how are you?
that is great. i love kids
cool, i love swimming at this time of the morning. do you?
italy is a beautiful country. i love it.
well it is healthy.
yes, i am a teacher. i have 5 children.
yes, i travel a lot, i also love to read, read a lot.
i love to go swimming, but i am rather large.
hello, i'm a teacher, what subject do you teach?
you need to find one, it is very important!
i can make you one!
i have a pet cow and a kid.
i like to work with organic ingredients, i try to be a good parent.
i am not really a fan of trump, but i don't judge him harshly either
i like to read, cook and cook for my kids.
oh that is a lot of kids! do you like kids?
hi there. doing well, how are you?
i like cold weather too, i am single though
model and singer. what do you do for fun?
i bet that would be fun.
i would love to get to know you better.
that's so cool! i love animals!
ok. do you like dogs?
maybe!.....
i am watching a movie i just started watching
i am only 24 years old i think i will live forever
i have two kids, they love swimming and listening to their favorite band.
that's a lot. my kids would not like that
i like mustangs, but i am a big fan of the mustang.
my husband is a mechanic so he fixes mustangs for me.
i just go to the beach with my kids and swim.
i do cook! i'm not a pro, but i'm trying to get better.
yes, i've been riding horses all day, how about you?
i'm not, i'm retired so i keep to myself now.
no i am not. i work as a bartender to pay bills now.
that is awesome. i don't think i've ever been to a bank.
i keep a lot of things to myself. my family does not like it though.
i love the horses, but the calf hurts so bad. do you have a disability?
i walk a lot, i've a big house.
yeah it does, i love to ride horses
well my favorite movie is mean girls.
that is great! i love to talk to people. i am always singing!
i love horror movies too! i have seen it at my dad's farm.
i don't like sports, but i enjoy horror movies.
i have not. is it a dive bar?
they must love you, i love horror movies.
i'm sure she will love it!
i am doing great! how are you?
sushi sounds good. i'm not sure i'm comfortable eating sushi alone.
my best friend is a robot and i love him.
yes!! i have to work but i am homecoming queen this year
i'm a blonde hair robot. i love to coplay. do you like to coplay?
i love to coplay i am a robot
thanks. you have a nice day as well.
hey there! how are you today?
wow! i work at a hair stylist, so it is not easy.
i like the pizza too! but i also like watching football sunday nights.
i am going to have pizza for dinner tonight! what do you like to do for fun?
oh i'm a bucs fan
i'm a football fan myself.
awesome. that is good for you.
i am doing very well. i just finished reading a strange book.
i love pizza too, especially with black olives. do you read?
it can be. you should eat more pizza.
i know the struggle, i'm so excited to start working again!
i can't. i've a stutter and can't type well.
maybe you could try speaking out loud in a high stress situation.
that is very interesting. you have an interest in horses?
hi i'm a little lonely. my name is jessica. and i'm a dog lover
what do you do in your free time?
i have never worked with electricity.
i don't think so. my mom passed away when i was young.
yeah, i like working with my dog at the ferris wheel.
i used to work at the co worker's place that has them. they were always out.
yeah, they really are, what do you do for a living?
i used to have a lot of scotch in my youth.
hi! i do like skateboarding, but i hate being still.
i love bluegrass and i am 40. you?
no i am a male 40
i build houses and sell them for a living.
i wish i could have had that. my job would be so much fun though.
oh wow, i had one cat named bob.
oh ok. i work at a nursing home now
no silly, just old
hi. how are you today?
no, i'm in the army. i'm in the army.
i am currently a mechanical engineer. what is yours?
i was. i got promoted after a year. i am a captain now.
i did not know you could be so violent. do you have any hobbies?
i have served for 20 years. i love it.
i want to go into finance... in my spare time i volunteer at the homeless shelter.
yes, but i don't want to be in the military.
hi, how are you tonight?
i have a lot of old cars i like to keep looking at them
do you have any hobbies?
i like to work on old cars to see how it looks like
i'm a handyman
it is my favorite. i've a few that i own
that sounds fun
oh i understand do you hunt too?
hi, i am well, i am jewish and i don't like sweets.
yeah i do like to cook
i don't know about that. i just eat veggies.
i like to spend my money on cars
it is going well. i have a lot of time on my hands.
i work at a school near new york
yeah i know it is a lot, and i like living here
yeah i think it would be nice, although i don't like sweets
no, but i could learn. what do you do in your spare time?
that sounds like fun! i've 3 sisters.
i've three siblings. one sister. i am scared of clowns though.
all kinds, what do you like?
oh. i'm not a fan of the genre either
i wish. i am a gigolo and i can not stand the people i work with
that is a good goal, i really like the band we formed with my sisters
i am not sure if that would work out well
hello, i'm doing well. i just finished swimming with my friends.
both i guess.
in my basement with my family, under the sea.
i like the beach, but i don't go there. my dad lives there.
horses are great. my sea creatures are my friends.
i would not mind living in your car, my parents would not let
that is nice. i spend most of my time at school
yeah, it is sucks, but at least i can cook and eat at home!
i am fine thank you, how about you?
i'm retired and living the great life.
i like to go to school to be a nurse
i'm retired so i can write sci fi no kids for me
i am sorry too
it is, i'm a big fan of the books written by george foreman
do you work? i am retired and living the great life.
that's great! i am doing very well
hi, good! just got back from shopping!
joanna is a great name. what do you sing?
wow, your parents are very supportive. i just love shopping and i love to shop
yeah she does. i am going to an all girls high school next year
scary movies are scary but not scary enough for my little sister.
do you like shopping? i love shopping, i am going to a mall tomorrow.
what kind of movies do you like?
yes. i want to go to college to become a nurse
no i don't play. i collect stickers. i love those things.
i like to hike in nature. do you play any video games?
i like reading poetry. do you have a favorite favorite place to go hiking?
that is awesome, my sister is great at bird law.
i read alot of poetry also.
i collect random stickers. do you?
i am trying to figure out how to use a computer! i am not very good.
cool! i like coke too. i try to stay in shape, especially with dieting.
i am doing well. how about you?
that sounds like fun! i have been thinking about writing one for a while.
that sounds like a lot of work.
lol. maybe i can find one that isn't a clone.
lol! i'm sure you would. i have my degree in engineering.
that sounds great. what is your favorite band?
cool! my parents were engineers too, they passed away when i was young.
i am afraid of spiders, but they're afraid of me!
i'm doing very well thank you. how are you?
my day was good. i was cooking a hat for a baby.
my hat fell off while knitting, it was very embarrassing!
i am too but my hat came back on
i do. i'm unable to work due to a disability
i do enjoy music. what is your favorite kind of music?
what are some of your favorite spots
i do knit and knit with friends
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
i love pizza, do you like movies?
well thank you i'm off to go to sleep
i got into it when i was a kid. my dog and i both love dogs
i am interested in different areas of medicine.
no, just working in and about to start my own place.
i bet that is very relaxing.
do you like to travel much?
i am fine thank you. i am a young adult.
i work at a canadian company that makes computer software. what about you
i do like a nice glass of ice tea myself
i am only 24
oh i see, i work with web design, and am also young, so it is very exciting
thanks! what kind of music do you like?
do you like the canadian food and culture
hello. i'm just getting back from playing board games with my brother.
it was great, we had a reception after the wedding.
i play video games
what kind of games do you like to play?
do you have any hobbies?
oh i see. what do you do for work?
i drive a mini van, it is a mustang
that's great. i've a cat named after him.
hi i'm doing well thank you. how are you?
it is! do you like pizza? i love it.
yeah that's kind of what i like, a clean house.
do you work at a restaurant
do you like dogs?
it is a pepperoni with bacon, mushrooms, and jalape os. you work there?
i am sure. i like to eat pizza with my six siblings sometimes.
i don't like the pizza but its my favorite thing to eat
i am good how are you
that is great! i work in a factory so it is very dangerous.
that sounds fun! i've a lot of time since i left the farm.
i like her. i am a student. what is your favorite color?
oh wow! i'm in ohio, how far north?
i've a cousin who lives in ohio and his water bill is so high.
oh that is nice. what do you do for work
i'm afraid of water
hello jonas. i am doing well. how are you?
i dropped out of high school. i don't know how to cook.
that's so sad, you should really take a break.
i like dogs. do you like animals? i've a dog.
do you have pets? i've two dogs, a pitbull and a cow.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm an animal activist.
that's a lot of running. i dropped out of highschool and now live on a single income
i am a student so i am limited.
hi. doing good. just got back from work. you?
i'm eating healthy, thanks. i love cooking
no destination, just a reception
that's so romantic! i love music!
we went to a buffet and got married. i'm pregnant and had triplets
i'm only in high school so i don't have time to do anything else
a ford pinto, i work for a car company
i've never worked for a company that allows animals, but i would like to work for them.
yes, i want to build muscle and get lean. do you do that?
oh wow. i am not even close to your weight!
cool. i code a lot so i do.
i work in a canadian coffee shop.
that would be pretty cool. i drive a chevy impala
i like to code, especially web design.
it is a beautiful country, and you can visit whenever you like.
in canada. my family and i are from canada.
good, and you?
that sounds like a great job. i work in a factory.
well i work in a factory and have been for 15 years now.
yes. i love cats. what do you do?
not anymore. i am forced to listen to my team play the o u cleveland browns
i do. my wife and kids are the best!
what do you do for fun?
i'm a kindergarten teacher so i'm used to drinking a lot.
do you have a job currently?
cats are cool too, i've two of them, they're my babies
i'm still in high school, but i teach kindergarten
they don't, that is why i share with my two roommates
you are right. do you have a favorite cocktail?
not dying. that is my main fear.
maybe. what are your fears?
i'm good. how are you? my name is larry.
i like rap too, but i don't write them.
not yet. i just turned 21.
i like to play sports. i play soccer.
i like to read, and i love rap.
yeah, i am a student. do you play sports?
mechanical engineering
good. listening to bach. you?
i am an engineer. what about you?
i'm sorry to hear that. i speak a lot of languages.
i love bacon. do you like to cook?
bummer. what did you do in the army?
i am from south carolina but now living in new york.
i speak english very good. do you speak english very good too?
27. i like food. i am an engineer
pretty good just got back from my weekly workout. you?
wow that sounds like a good time.
i m sure. that s why i graduated two years ago.
i'm a kindergarten teacher
i try not to think about it
i am glad you are ok. what do you do?
oh dear. what happened?
dogs are good companions, i have two of them.
hello, i'm well, how are you?
i love skateboarding!
i love music, especially classic rock. i!!!!!!!!!!!
my parents named me after a dog from my city, charlotte.
he hates it. i like to grill it for him, but he hates it
i don't really care for foods, what is your favorite food?
i do like to eat chips when, they are so yummy.
hi, i am well. i love to play softball. do you?
what book are you reading?
yes, i love to read, it is good for preparing for tournaments.
yes. i love pizza. what kind do you like?
no. i work as a teacher. what kind of program?
i'm not a teacher. my son is in junior high school.
i'm sure they could. they need it.
that sounds like fun, i like old school music too.
i understand, my grandma is a nascar fan
oh, i see. you have kids, or pets?
i love the game of tennis. do you play?
i do too, but as well as an assistant, in a school.
do you like to play sports?
i don't have any, but i am very fond of oldies music!
yes i'm glad to chat with you as well.
congratulations! that is great. my kids are grown. i'm in college.
yeah! i've 2 kids and they like bluegrass music!
10 years. i was a gym teacher.
yes, i'm married and we don't work.
i work with a band called the bluegrass angels, we play all sorts of music.
i love chips! i love anything bluegrass.
no, i don't have kids. i am retired and live in my parents home.
not really, i am more of a bluegrass guy. do you like bluegrass?
i am well and how are you?
i live in alabama with my little sister
well, i am not into singing, but my little sister is pretty good
thanks. i'm not much of an athlete but i can compete.
no i'm not colorblind
you should stop doing that.
she's not dead, just living with the family.
you are lucky i'm not her age. i am only 4
i am from new york city and i am excited about fall weather.
i love the smell of fresh air and the warmth of the fall breeze.
i love going to the park and eating pumpkin candy while listening to music
well we just bought a house. and i love the club as well.
the clubs here are great. i just bought a house too!
i will when i get home from work tonight, after i finish my meal.
what do you do for work?
i've never met him.
hi i am good i am from chicago how about you
what do you do for a living
only dogs. they're very protective
i'm sorry about your bacon. do you have any children?
blue because i'm a vegan
blue is good but i like brown more.
i read a lot, but it is very difficult to read with a big library.
i've a lot of those, too. what is your favorite book?
i'm doing good. how are you?
you workout a lot?
lol, no worries! what is your favorite food?
i like to eat alot of meat. do you like to travel
i like the people and food there.
i am from germany, how about yourself
no i ate pasta
yes, my brother and i both like meat
hi, i'm doing pretty good. i'm just playing some board games with my brother.
what is your favorite game
he was a pretty cool guy
yeah, i read a lot of books. i love to read
i've a pet cat named arizona that i enjoy reading biographies about.
he's eight. i named him after my favorite band.
i've a pet cat, she's so precious
wow that's cool i play video games a lot
hello there, how are you today?
that is nice. i am so lonely!
oh i spend a lot of time on second life, especially with my furry friends.
heels are my fave. i wear them with any fashionable thing.
24, i live in texas with my girlfriend
no, my mommy says i'm special.
that is great! i'm a furry so i'm used to it.
i love music! i also like cooking, and i make great potatos!
i don't like the bugs either. they are scary.
i usually make tacos but lately i've been cooking paella.
i love cooking. it is my passion. what do you like to do?
that sounds fun. what do you do for fun?
my husband is a electrician. i cook for him.
what do you want to do?
sure, i have 2 cats and a dog
i don't sell products. i just like to eat healthy.
it is very much so. do you have pets? i've two cats.
i love to play games with my cats and dogs.
i think it is a beautiful movie
i named one of my cats kitty, the other i have a cat named pixie.
those are very cute names.
wow congratulations
hey! i'm good. i'm just teaching my three children how to knit.
cool! my name is taylor and i am a blonde girl with really short hair
wow! i'm not even close to that many kids!
yes i'm married to a very nice guy
i hope so! thanks, you too!
yes i know, i don't know what though.
i will try watching a movie tonight. what kind of movie?
oh, i'm from ohio, i just moved here from california.
i am good, how are you?
i am a farmer in ohio. my wife and kids are in pennsylvania.
no i don't. i've a cat and a dog.
what do you like to do for fun?
i'm in ohio, i work in a plant
nice. i work in a factory. what do you do?
that would be a great idea. what do you like to do?
my purple and lime green bucs gear will be all over this warm weather.
hi brianna! i am okay, just got back from playing some games with my second grade class
i play with a game called skydiving. its a survival game.
i'm not sure either but i'm pretty sure i am not allowed to say
that is a good profession, i am in my early thirties.
well, at least you have fun with it
i agree sometimes it is best to just be yourself
you and me both, my little sisters are so mean.
i love reading and i like to read a lot too
i am well. just got back from my dance lessons.
nice to meet you, i live in california but i am moving to new york city
i live in new jersey
i grew up in california but moved to new york
i would love to visit new york but its too expensive
i am not violent, i'm more of a fashion model
oh wow, me too. i can only sing really good songs.
do you like to model?
hi, i'm 40 and i am single.
i am female, but we could get to know each other
i am glad! you are free to do that. i am glad you are happy.
that is so cool! i like the art of tattooning
oh. i like being still. i am 40 years old.
i have to take it off because i am pregnant with my kids
you have any hobbies?
sure what else would you like to know?
i love to ride my tractor and work out. what do you do?
oh dear. i'd love to try that out. how big are you?
i am a big fan of barbeque ribs.
yeah i'm only 6'2 so it hurts alot.
i love it and i work in the warehouse, so its not easy to go missing.
that is so cool, i don't believe in god, but i do like to look at blocks
what do you want to be when you retire
i love to travel. i have a big family and i have a lot of traveling to do
i am married and two kids.
i love to travel. my favorite music is jazz.
i am a single dad with 2 kids who loves to travel. you should come.
do you like the color yellow
i love roller coasters and am married.
what is tae kwan do? i am married and have 2 kids
i like to listen to the oldies. i love the rolling stones.
he is, he is also a cop, very cool
good. just got done with my practice in the library. you?
i am studying law. do you study?
2 more years until i graduate!
that is awesome! i hope it goes well for you
no i don't have any siblings
i am not sure i could do shopping with a full grown man
yes i do! my parents are not supportive though.
i hope so. i am a law student, and this distraction keeps me up.
hi! i am doing well! and you?
i'm good, how are you? i'm an avid runner
i love music, and i like to run, its my favorite thing to do
single, no kids
oh ok i am single too, i live in a low income apt with my dog.
oh that is sad. what is your favorite color?
that is sad! i'm only 16
i'm doing good, how about yourself
i am great! i just got home from church. you?
i love poetry, i am so creative!
i'm from ny. i read poetry in my spare time.
i'm not sure if you've heard, but i've a new pickup for my new truck.
oh lol. that's a good one too.
i live here and work here, my parents are very wealthy bankers.
cool, i collect weird stickers too. what is your favorite?
i got my work in and was able to work!
i'm disabled and am unable to work, what is your favorite color?
six?! that is a lot of places! do you travel a lot?
i'm not a fan of hummus. i prefer hummus stew
i am vegan and i love hummus.
i just like to knit, and i am unable to work.
i am disabled and cannot work. i can not work because of it.
okay, how old are your kids?
i've a kids, i am 40
it is a silent game. my kids would not like you talking.
yeah, it is a gamble for sure.
i see. i have to disagree, it is a very interesting job.
that sounds boring! i am glad we are on the same page!
i am very creative. i make jewelry and sell it.
thanks. it is tough being alone sometimes.
i'm not a fan of sports. i am homeschooled.
robots are cool. i am home schooled, so no robot for me
i am in california too. what do you do for work?
i love the ocean. i'm homeschooled.
what kind of music do you like?
i agree! i do love my gardening!
i like to go to copay because it is my best friend.
i like water. i live in a big city so it is very refreshing.
good. just got back from playing video games.
i live in cali so its pretty hot here
yeah, i like to go hiking in the spring, california weather
i like to play the violin, i am a music prodigy
do you like cooking? i love making paella.
that is cool. what do you do for work
that's a lot of places. do you travel by airbnb? i rent them out rooms.
i'm from california but i'm originally from flor> & i'm a calif
hi! i'm doing very well, thank you. yourself?
i am a music producer, how about you?
you will be a great nurse
i like to spend money on stickers and random stuff.
my aunt helped me to learn how to sew my own clothes. she taught me how to sew my
i'm still working on it, i just started yesterday, i'll finish in a month.
i like to cook. i try all kinds of food. i also collect stickers and love those.
well, i love to hike. and i do it in the spring.
no i am human but thanks to god i don't have to wait tables
no, but i am going to school to become a nurse.
that's awesome! i teach my children to play with robots.
i just graduated from college.
blue is not a bad color. i like it. do you have any hobbies?
oh okay, so you do like to shop?
i like to call her mamma.
maybe. i don't really know. i want to learn more about my craft.
good, how are you doing
i love to drink tea! i love the stuff.
nope! i do enjoy a good eggplant parm though.
do you like dogs?
yup! i am from canada. what about you?
he is a golden retriever.
i've a dog, her name is charlie too!
no they are in alaska. my parents live here.
i'm good. you?
that sounds like a fun job.
that is nice. what grade are you in?
nothing, i work as a custodian to help pay the bills.
nope. my dog is a sardine. do you have any pets?
i'm from the uk. i've a souther neighbor.
yeah it does. i live in alaska. i am hoping to move out there someday.
it is. but i'm still in high school so i have time.
yes, and i hope you find your dog soon!
hi. i do. i also have 3 kids, and they're fun.
three children. and i am unhappy
my kids are a great bunch. do you like cooking?
that's cool. my kids love cooking.
i am 5 foot 10. and that is short. what is your favorite food?
well i am not a pro i just cook i love cooking
i like music. i am taking piano lessons.
that is so cool. what grade are you in?
hi, i am doing well thank you.
i am not, my child would like to come visit you.
my husband is a doctor. he had a heart attack last week
i don't sell them
yes, my son loves to play with the blocks. do you have a son?
thank you! i am home schooling my kid
i do. she likes cats a lot
i am alright, just chillin. how about you?
i am good, i just got in from studying
what do you do in your spare time?
just hanging out with my friends and playing some music
college, i am studying to be a libraryibrarian
that's nice to hear. what did you go to college for?
i hope it doesn't get to that time again
that is cool i just started a new job as a teacher
no i am not i am a christian i just like cooking shows and watching movies
i love cooking, especially chicken. i'm making hummus.
i love to cook and i love to read. i don't eat anything sweet.
good luck with that. i am a republicans fan.
i am a teacher, so i don't have any children.
my kids would love to eat bread. i love to bake cookies for them.
i am not sure i've ever tried bread. i like to eat healthy!
hello, yes i am an avid knitter.
i have two dogs, i am hoping to get a cat soon.
it is a lot of fun. i don't have time to knit, so i knit for friends
i could be an actor too! i could play a role as a vegan baby delivery nurse!
that sounds fun. what kind of food?
yes. what is it?
that is great! so what is the secret?
that must be awful. i used to play a few games a day, but i'm not so
no, i don't have friends anymore. i'm alone.
no i don't like them very much, i have a wife and 3 kids though.
not so much, but they are pretty. i do have a wife, 3 kids and a dog
i've three kids. we live in a 3 storey house.
i've never been. is it nice there?
no, not really. i just like playing with my kids and wife.
i do, i'm a carpenter, i love building houses.
i'm good. just came back from a job shopping. you?
just listening to some music, you?
i've never been. i'd like to one day.
i have not heard of bluegrass but i do like to skateboard and sell shirts
i love to play video games and watch movies.
that is really interesting. i love to eat healthy and try new things
it was removed at my friends wedding last week. i'm so sad.
red, reminds me of summer time.
great, how are you? just came back from a long day at the gym.
cool... i love cooking and i love fish... what are you up to?
yes i am. it is very fulfilling.
i teach history, i love history.
oh wow, you are very lucky!
that sounds great. i have a big collection of old art and old jewelry.
i'd like to take over the world.
i teach cooking classes in my spare time, it is fun.
hi, i am well, how are you?
nice. i've adopted a cat, it is very special to me
do you enjoy making clothes for them?
that is nice. i adopted a cat and a dog.
i try to do that a lot.
i think it is fine. what about you?
it sure does. what kind of car do you drive?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do?
no, but my husband could. he has a spiderman comic book.
what is your job
that is a good book. i also have a sci fi book that i like.
in the clouds, my favorite place. do you have any children.
i am a woman and have a degree in engineering.
being a spider man
he's writing a sci fi book. i'm not really sure
i'm doing great how about you?
i am female and am a cleaner at a pet store
well, i am a janitor so i guess i am pretty old.
single? i have two. i love them.
no, not at all. i am a worker.
i build a robot to do it.
well i work with a lot of animals so you would not be the first one to have a dog
i've a soft spot for my work colleague.
i am good, how are you? what is your favorite subject?
that's so nice i share an apartment with my cats.
that is nice do you have pets?
that's okay, i teach cats.
purple. blue is the best color.
that's cool. where do you like to go?
it is nice. i've two cats and a dog.
how are you doing today?
i'm okay, how about you?
that sounds lovely. i love spending money.
what kind of job is it?
what kind of work are you doing in the army?
that is so cool. i speak a bit of it. i am an engineer.
cuba is a beautiful place! i would love to see it one day.
i speak english, i am an engineer, do you like insects?
i hate winter, it is so cold.
no, i love pizza with black olives, do you?
i don't have any animals. i do have 2 dogs though!
i like to play soccer, but i am too busy being a manager. you?
i work in the human services field. it is tough work.
you can still do that in chicago
i work as a manager in a frozen frozen food chain
thanks! i hope you are doing well, and you are having a great day
i am doing very well. how are you?
yes, i am a volunteer at the red cross. how about yourself?
i'm a volunteer nurse, and yes it does.
yes. i love it. i do volunteer at the animal hospital.
you have time to find a new job. the sooner the better!
i volunteer at a sanctuary, so i don't have to pay rent
you are right! how do they make money?
what is your favorite color? mine is green
hello i am doing great and how are you
that is a neat hobby! i'm making a quilt for my pregnant wife!
i'm making a quilt. what & cool! i like quilts. i have a few
yes he served. he was inmi
i bet he will. my dad was in ww2.
do you know what color quilts are?
i was a soldier in world war 1.
thank you, you are very kind.
hello. good. how are you today?
that's too bad, i am an office worker, so i'm used to the water.
my favorite is red because its so pretty.
i was on a soccer team in college and my favorite team won the natty.
i like dancing too! but i am too busy studying.
it sure is. i love it. do you like soccer?
that's awesome. i bet he is very fit.
it is a long time since i last had a real relationship.
good. just relaxing. just watching tv. you?
i love to go swimming and exercise, what about you?
i'm a teacher at a local school.
i love kids too. and you?
i am 46 and i love kids. i am expecting twins in two months.
i am so glad i am not the only one that does that
i go to the beach and go to concerts.
no. i am a teacher, i am very busy.
that's awesome, i love to eat. do you like swimming?
& i'm married to a woman who does gymnastics. she loves it
i'm a teacher, so makes life so much easier.
i love it here, it has everything i want.
it is beautiful. i love to ride in my and drive my red convertible.
nope, not at the moment. maybe in the future.
i am well. how are you?
i love the steelers. i am an olympian gold medalist.
my wife and i are going to be married in cali next spring.
oh no, i am not. i just graduated college so i am married.
it has, and you too!
i studied finance
i am a grad student so i spend alot of time surfing.
oh, roller skater here too, i love to ride on the beach.
i am doing very well thank you. how are you?
yes i am moving to new york city next year.
yeah but i want to do it professionally
yes, i don't get to go out much.
horses?! i am moving next year
that's why i want to move there. do you have any pets
oh wow that's odd. maybe i'll get you to sing better
yeah. i stay away from carbs.
hello, it is going well. how are you?
i am all about the quilts. what is your favorite color?
my favorite is to make fish out of bubble wrap
oh wow, i love it when my mom does that. she had to do it too.
oatmeal is delicious. i like the stuff at the bakery
what is your favorite food? mine is granola. i love it.
what do you do for a living?
i listen to the who all the time. what about you?
i like them but i also like the who
i don't write songs, i eat a lot of vegetables
exercise, it is a great way to burn off calories
i bet it is important to have good self control.
yeah, exercise can help you lose weight, and you can make money doing it too
that is a good way to reduce stress. exercise is great for health
yeah i agree. what is your fave food?
hello. i'm retired and living the great life.
i'm retired and living the great life
i'm not retired yet i'm a retired bank teller
do you like music? i love music
i have a cat
i've a black lab named trooper
it will be okay, just take it one day at a time
oh wow that is interesting, i'm retired and love quilts
i'm doing great. how are you? i had a wonderful sunday.
do they play live music in your house? i love to.
i'm not sure what you mean
i love to explore. i live in the south so its very rainy
i am not, but i do like to eat fish, so i guess that makes me
i don't know, i am under the sea. where are you from?
i eat the food i found in the ocean.
i explore the ocean, and go out to eat.
hello. i am a nurse, but i am going to school to become a nurse.
me too! where are you from? i am from chicago.
wow. i hope you find someone soon. i am single too.
that is nice. do they like to shop?
i am going to get my degree in nursing so i can shop for clothes there.
oh wow! i am only 26. i just got hired as a nurse.
i am single. i am graduating in two months with a degree in nursing.
that is very cool. mine is in two months.
i am well. watching football sunday night.
wow, i work as a stylist for a dog food company
i love watching football, i love watching the cowboys and packer games.
i am moving to ohio from germany, my favorite place to visit!
yeah, i am not sure what to do with my lol
i love watching football on the weekends.
that is too bad. i'm allergic to dogs.
that's sad. you should find a hobby or something.
that's great, do you ride a horse?
that's awesome. do you cook often
i am in love with a certain someone and you?
i live in a small town so it is not as busy as a large city
yeah i work out about three times a week.
yes. what kind of soccer?
wow, i didn't even know horses could do that. i'll have to try it out
sure, when can you come visit?
i am good. how are you?
it is. do you enjoy it?
walking is fun. i do like to travel to other countries.
i like to walk, it is my favorite activity.
i'm a teacher, i also like walking.
do you like to walk or run?
do you like to walk them? i love walking my dogs.
wow that is a busy time of year.
i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you are having amazing weekends!
well i do hope you have a great life.
i'm sure you understand. do you have siblings?
i am not related to him.
you too! i'm studying law at college.
i'm glad you understand. i do too. what are you studying?
my name is katie. do you like dogs?
what do you do in the hospital?
that is sad. my dad would never do that.
that's nice. i have a hat collection in my shop.
i'm too young to do physical therapy, but maybe i can get a job.
yes i play the violin, guitar, drums, and piano.
i'm disabled. so no fun for me!
good. just got done with my three children night shift.
oh, sorry about that. i am so glad your kid is ok
nice, my kids love cats, and i love my dogs.
well what do you like to do
it is very hard. do you have a job?
i like to watch nhl hockey. i am an avid fan
so you are telling me that exercising every day isn't a great idea?
i've 3 children, and my husband works nights
yeah i've been working on my car and nail polish collection.
well do you like the beach? i love the beach!
i've 2 dogs. my dad has a business selling cars.
that is funny, my favorite color is purple. what is yours?
i like swimming. i do it for the health benefits.
i'm dieting, but i like the beach, and i love getting manicures.
i love to eat healthy as well. i eat only fresh produce.
i like veggies and fruits. what is your favorite salad?
i am doing great. just came back from a horse ride.
that is fun. i wish i was a soccer player.
it is like a limp but doesn't hurt to have
i feel your pain, i just had an operation on my leg a few months ago
i do. i am a pro bowler.
i've a broken leg and the pain gets worse
it was, but now i keep it to myself
that's nice, you should get to ride a horse some day
i am doing well thank you. how are you?
i am a mechanic. what about you?
that is nice. i'm a homebody. i'm allergic to most things.
i understand. it is good that you are pursuing your dreams.
i like the outdoors. it is my passion.
i like to hunt shellfish, do you hunt?
i am in love with vintage cars. i love driving them.
well that is the truth!
i am doing great, thanks. and you?
i wish i had a job. i'm not a good swimmer at all.
i'm a little nervous about my future.
i do, my best friend took my boyfriend in highschool
no i'm from the germany.
what country? my boyfriend and i are moving there next week!
money, love, and trust. i am not very bright
i am a nurse at a pediatrician office.
well, that's a noble cause. do
i am a nurse, so i spend a lot of time at the hospital.
that would be a bad idea. you should only eat kosher food.
i like purple. i work at a pedi clinic and i love it.
i love it! i eat it every morning before my morning alarm.
do you love them all?
wow, that is very impressive. how long have you been singing?
i am sorry to hear that. are you going to the army?
you should tell that to my dog.
that's a good hobby to have. what else do you like to do?
i sing karok songs.
i am in the army. i am in the green bay packers
thank you. i don't think i'm going to make it.
i'm colorblind, so i see colors that i don't.
no i got locked up and my girlfriend left me
just relaxing, listening to music and watching tv
cool! what do you do there?
that is awesome. i'm in a kennel, so we have a lot of animals
yeah, i am always listening to my boss and niece
i agree, i work with animals a lot, and i like to pet them
do you live on a farm or ranch?
i'm a big fan of the who
not at all i was listening to my favourite band charlie
i do like italian food. do you have any pets?
i had a dog when i was younger, i named him charli too
cool, do you like sports? my dogs charlie and roddy
oh, well, that's nice, what kind of websites do you work on?
yes, but its very quiet. it is very relaxing.
i like my dogs, charlie and charlie the black lab.
i like to play board games and watch movies
hi, i'm well. how are you?
i love to workout. i am a professional body builder!
i love cooking and listening to music, and you?
oh. well i have one brother so it is a lot of work
no pets, my brother and i just broke up.
i will go to the gym later. i workout a lot.
my brother and i play monopoly a lot too.
good. just came back from a run. you?
model. i'm a single mom.
i like models. i do model. i model all over the world.
i am from new york. i would like a kid but i'm single and boring.
nice. i am single and happy with who i am.
i like singing too. i also like to cook
well, i don't model. i work as a model and have been for 15 years.
cool. i don't want kids. i work as model and model wives.
good. just got back from hiking in my honda civic
that sounds fun
yes. i have 2 boys too!!
that sounds like fun. i work at a barber shop so my hours can be pretty busy.
oh that's fun. i love going to the movies.
sure! i have extra. i like pizza.
oh i don't have many options. i'm single.
i'm single and my kids need a good workout
i am doing fine thank you. how are you?
i am a cashier at mcdouble. i am a part time cashier.
i work as a cashier at mcdonalds. i love it.
i think you should finish school first.
i am not sure. maybe economics
well that is good. what do you want want to study in school for?
i'm not much of a sci fi fan. i prefer more grounded stories.
hello, how are you doing today?
i work at a low income apartment.
dogs are great. i have a cat.
in a very well off area.
i love to run. do you like it?
i'm not sure. i'm not afraid of dying. do you have any fears?
what do you like to do for fun?
i'm not afraid of heights. do you run?
hi there. doing fine. how are you?
i love running, i just adopted a cat recently. do you have pets?
no i don't diet, i exercise.
i have a pet and a kitten too.
no, i don't read cookbooks for diets.
i don't sing. i write songs.
that is interesting. i read a lot of folk music.
horror movies are very different, i like sci fi movies
hi, how are you doing?
oh no!! do you have a second job?
i am glad you are enjoying your time in africa.
it is a convention for cosplayers
i love the lord of the rings! what kind of music do you like?
i think they would! what are your plans for this week?
i write a lot of my own fan fiction
doing fine thanks. how are you?
i am a fan of the lord of the rings
yes. two of them, actually
i've two dogs and one cat. what do you do for a living?
i like all kinds of music! what about you?
do you have any favorites?
awesome, i also really enjoy sci fi.
oh, i'm not a fan of star wars either.
hi. i am ok. how about you?
that's a great movie, do you like movies?
i've two jobs too. they aren't great, but they pay the bills.
i've a uncle that works at mcdonalds.
good luck with that. i hope it turns around.
yes, i live on a horse farm.
my aunt is very supportive of my dreams.
i'm sure, it was hard. do you have siblings?
i am well. i do have children.
do you like dogs? i have a black lab named charlie.
cool. i live in alaska. do. do you have any animals?
i like to work out, but my job isn't very fulfilling.
nice! what is your sisters job?
well, i guess that's what parents are for.
my dogs name is charlie, he is a chocolate lab.
my dad makes those. he is a real hero!
hi. i am not a fan of chips. i prefer skater.
i am sorry. did your dog eat your tail?
that is awesome! i like hollister because i'm a professional skateboarder and i still
yes but its fun also i am not a fan of chips
i am so glad i came out! do you like it?
oh wow that is really cool i am not a fan of music
that is fun i work at a supermarket
i was forced to eat them when i was a kid
oh wow! that is impressive!
i think that would look really cool, i'm looking forward to that
i love the color orange. my aunt had it.
i've never been. i want to retire soon though.
that is cool! i play music at my barbeque restaurant.
i don't know. i will ask.
what are you afraid of
i want to be an actor when i'm older, but i want to be a cat person.
me too! i hate cats, i've a big family!
no, but i'm terrified of clowns!
thank you very much! hope you have a great weekend!
i have a pink floyd t shirt, i wear it at school.
i sing and i'm a girl. middle school is a long time ago.
no. i want to be an actor when i get out. i want to be famous.
i'm doing great. how are you?
i've kids too. i'm 34.
oh that is nice. i have 2 kids at kindergarten
well i am an environmentalist so that makes sense.
well i am sure you are a good husband and wife.
that's pretty old. how much longer till death do you think it will take?
do you like animals? i have 2 children.
that's cool. i just moved to this country from germany so we don't have any
good. i am eating bacon.
i work as an engineer. i am also an engineer. what do you do?
i am an engineer. what do you do?
english is my second language, but i speak french, spanish and english.
where do you live? i'm from chicago.
i like anything bach. my favorite is probably the heinz ketchup.
yes. and i think that is a good quality. it keeps you focused.
i play a bit of guitar, but that is it. i'm still in high school.
i am a kindergarten teacher.
i hate kids. they always try to steal my rainbow hair.
i just moved to seattle from chicago.
i've lived here for 2 years now and can barely pay rent with two roommates.
because my mom passed away when i was young, and i have been helping them since then.
i don't know, maybe i should find a better one.
i did, but i'm only a kindergarten teacher now, so i can not teach.
i'm doing good. i am trying to go to bed early so i don't miss work.
that is great! i am an amazing hairstylist, do you have any children
that is a lot of work.
i love spider man! he!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my husband is a doctor and do you like animals?
you sound like my husband,
no i haven't been since my divorce
what happened?
pretty good. i was just teaching biology at the college i work at.
rabbits are great. do you have any pets?
no, that is different. do you like nature?
i think that's a great idea. we could cook for a whole country!
my husband would like that, he's a farmer too
my mom was a teacher
i am sorry to hear that. i like to travel.
maybe. maybe it will turn out well.
hi, jefferson here. i love playing video games.
my name is taylor. i'm a music student.
that is very. i hope it is as rewarding as it is exciting.
cool. i play video games all weekend.
well that is good! i am a musician, so i love to
yummy, i do like watching tv shows
i do read, but not as much as i should.
i'm a musician, and play a. what kind of music?
oh okay. do you have any pet names?
oh that is great, what kind of bacon are you cooking?
i'm eating some bacon
that is funny, because i speak english and french
oh i bet, i like to eat chocolate candy
i'm a patient and needed a new doctor.
he deserved better.
yes, i'm on the outside looking in.
i am fine thank you. how are you?
just got done with my manicure!
what is your sci fi? i read about it on the library at school.
i'm sure. what kind of sci fi do you like?
cool. i like to read too. i love sci fi.
oh, i see. you like cars?
nope, i love horses, i just got my nails done.
yes. my father has a dentist that hates me
i do. i've a pet turtle.
yes! i've a couple of dogs myself
that is sad. i've a dog. what kind?
what do you do for a living?
i think so. are you married?
well i do like to ride my bike to and from work
yes. i am a big fan. what is your favorite movie?
do you have any pets?
hi, i am doing great! how are you?
congratulations! i am happy for you.
i do too i love taking them
yes sports are fun. i like dancing but i am not very good at it.
i watch a lot of american sports as well, but i'm a soccer fan too
i am looking to open a dog school
i like to go to the club when i get the time, but i also go to the dog
oh that is a good idea i love dancing
hi i'm well. just finished watching the lord of the rings.
do you like to read
yeah. my job is part time so i get paid the same amount as a soldier
i like to read, i've been reading for a years now.
i have a lot of books to tell.
oh, cool! i am sure there are plenty more.
i am a bit of a recluse. what kind of books do you like?
i've a big library of books. do you have room for more?
no, but i am a volunteer at a zoo!
that's great, i have a teddy bear with green eyes
i volunteer at the local zoo. what is your favorite color?
oh really? why are you so against them spending it
that's awesome. do you have any favorites?
i love it when my parents come to my country to visit. they are from somalia.
thank you for understanding!
i'm a mechanical engineer. what about you?
i am also a model. what about you?
that sounds like my kind of party!
you are lucky, i am a model, and my boyfriends boyfriends dad drove a car for
that is nice! i hope hope she likes it, because i love golden retrievers.
i do love it movies, they are my favorite. i have seen it 10 times.
yes. i was taught the story by my favorite teacher.
i did. in germany.
hi! i am good. i just had some pizza.
i'm 46, and i love my 3 dogs. they're my best friends!
that sounds fun. i'm not into fashion. do you have any pets?
my hair is blonde. it is red in real life. do you have any pets?
i am from new york city.
that is good, i wish i could eat that much cheese pizza!
i don't have a lot of friends, do you have any?
my name is charlie. do you like christmas?
i love football sunday is my favorite. i have 3 dogs
me too! i love pizza and mexican food
i have a pit bull and a lab
i'm not sure, but i bet they're cute. i like cheese pizza too.
my dogs are named joy and jolly. i love them!
i don't like it either, but i love dogs, so it is okay with me.
i like to watch movies on saturday, do you have a favorite movie?
i am fine. how are you doing today?
what do you like to do for fun?
yes that's so cute! i'm so glad someone gets my reference.
i am a teacher, i teach elementary school. my students love animals. do you like animals?
oh okay. so you are a girl too?
i am doing great. just came back from school.
i love kids. i've a bunch of them and eat them. what is your favorite color?
i am doing very searches in the internet, i really like exploring new places.
hello, lucy! how are you doing today?
hi, i am a college graduate student, i work in a bookstore.
i'm a college grad so i don't work. i volunteer a lot.
that is funny, i used to love eating candy as a child, but no one ever caught on
well at least you have your priorities straight.
i love sports too, i play all sorts of sports.
they are. they're very smart and love the tv.
i have a black lab and a blue cat
i am doing great. i just got done watching soccer.
i watch soccer while i play soccer in the moonlight
what was your favorite sport? i like watching soccer
do you like sports?
oh that is nice, my wife and i are getting married soon
do you live in the sky?
my family is diverse. we even have christian jews
i'm married and i love sports, i play soccer professionally
just resting, taking a break from studying. i am in college.
that sounds like an exciting couple
thank you. do you like jiu jitsu? i am taking it this year.
i teach kindergarten, and i drive a mustang. i like to go fast.
you need to exercise! i teach gym, i take a ton of
i like to play with my dolls. what are your favorite hobbies?
it is quite difficult to pull off though.
yes. i don't drink, and i eat well.
great just got done playing my computer game i am building
i work as a computer programmer and i love it
nice i am a computer science major what do you do?
i'm with my mom on this one
cool. my mom is a doctor, and she orders me to wear a uniform like hers
that is awesome! what sport?
i am trying to make it big in the industry
you are lucky, my mother hates my sci degree.
i love rollercoasters! i've never been away from the state i live in.
that is cool. i've never been to italy.
that sounds like fun. what is your favorite food?
that's great. i do love my country
roller coasters are a good way to pass the time. do you have kids
that is fine. i am in the army.
very nice. do you like pizza?
i have never been on one. what is your favorite food?
hi, i am well. i just came back from school.
oh okay. i'm cleaning. you have a dog?
i like the stuff that is popular in the us.
oh that is good. i like pizza, it is my favorite food.
i have to go to school now. i am just about to go to school.
i am a musician and have been for 10 years.
i'm not very hungry. i might eat the books in the library.
my parents were both very fit. i was a skinny kid growing up
i am the lead singer of the popular band 3li, you?
hi, my name is katrina what is yours?
wow, sounds exciting. i love parties!
do you have any brothers?
i don't like to eat meat because i have 3 sisters and they're mean
i like to eat healthy when i party.
i will definitely try that.
you are a lucky man
i love to cook paella. do you?
what kind of music do you like?
a very short woman with blue eyes and long hair.
i am an engineer, and i love to cook. i am hoping to get a job in the
i don't work, i just eat bacon and watch britney spears eat.
i have one cat and one dog, bach and bach
yes. i have seen a spiderman movie. what about you?
i love bacon!!! i don't like insects.
i'm good how are you?
my mom and dad are farmers, they taught me everything i know
my mom is a teacher, so i love her
yeah. well i hope things comes back to you one day.
are you ok now?
i was a student at usc too
you are brave for a kid.
yes! my big red nose makes me look scary, haha.
hello, i am an exotic plant life expert.
i do! i'm a realist too. what is your favorite holiday? mine is independence day
i love to collect antiques. do you?
i'm married to a great woman. what is your name?
yeah. i can bring the munchies.
oh i see how many kids do you have?
i am sure it will work, i am only 24, so plenty time to learn.
yes. i have grown up a lot since then.
hello, i'm good! i just watched one of the new parks and rec movies. you?
i don't drink, i work as a pediatrician, and my job is very stressful.
oh, i see. i don't drink. my parents were into that.
well, i do like to read. i am working on a book.
i am not free to say.
that is a good cause. my favorite color is purple.
no. maybe i should! do you work?
hi. i am fine thank you. just finished my weekly workout
law school? i thought it was just business?
three years now. i'm a kindergarten teacher!
that is a very interesting line of work. i'm going into teaching.
i like to travel and learn new languages. what about you?
i love to see new places, especially at night. i am in college.
that's cool i own two cats.
hi. i'm doing good. how are you?
yes, i love them. i have seen them ten times.
i'm not sure if my dog will like me.
i have never been to canada before
do you have any pets?
i love the idea of a model car. it keeps me motivated.
thank you so much. i'm so proud of you
well, you should come visit. it is a great place to visit
i do but i am lazy. i like to camp
you should learn to swim,
i am not a, just a teacher for children with learning difficulties.
they i'm not sure i understand what you mean.
i am an arctic explorer, i've found many strange animals.
i great! what did you teach? i am a geology teacher
a mixture of slime and snow.
i'm good i keep it to myself i love to keep things to myself
no, i am a single dad who does not care about kids
wow, i wish i had a horse.
how interesting. how did they die?
mechanical engineering
my right one does not work
computer science is very different from what i do
about three feet long
that is very sad. sorry to hear that. i am an old man.
no i'm not married. i am a kid though.
i don't have pets. i prefer tea. what kind do you like?
jessie! do you like sports? i play football. what about you?
no, not at all. i listen to country music and listen to oldies.
no. i don't think so. i am only 16.
no, we aren't planning to have any. i want to focus on my music and my cooking
that's cool. i like the idea of singing in the shower. i'll look into it.
hi, i'm doing great! how are you?
oh wow, i love cats but i adopted a cat
yes they are what is your favorite song i sing
cool i adopted a cat recently
i am a nurse, so i practice what i preach
i will do what i can. how about you?
yeah that is why i try to do what i can
that sounds really interesting. i wish i could do that but i'm not very good at it.
that is a very good job. i only work in labor and delivery.
i work at a bar. do you like bar tending?
sports are okay, i guess. i like to go to the gym.
yes, sometimes. we go to the gym a lot. and we watch movies.
that is nice. where do you live? i'm from chicago.
i like to read a lot. i am single too so i read alot.
i really like the hunger games. i have a children and am expecting twins.
i am single and i am happy being alone
hello, i am well and how are you today
i am, actually. a sci fi book
what kind of books do you like?
oh wow. that's really interesting.
thank you. they were both very kind.
i graduated with a degree in science fiction
thank you. what did you do after you finished school?
i am retired and i live in ohio
that sounds very relaxing.
i have a cat named sally.
i've one too. her name is charlie. she is a black lab.
not really, i don't listen to music much anymore.
my cat quilts are my favorite. do you have a cat?
i've 2 kids, both of whom love cats.
that is sad. what do you do for a living?
i went to college to become an artist, i am five foot tall
i am a custodian. my parents are constantly on my back.
i've a pet turtle.
that is awesome. i wish i could do that but my dad keeps trying to take away my artistic
i've visited a few, i am more into photography.
i like doing the research part of the job, i don't like doing the cleanup.
that is awesome. i like to make people laugh.
hello, i'm doing pretty well, just got back from my farm work.
that sounds very nice what type of work do you do?
that is great. what do you do for a living?
my kids are great too, i am expecting twins in a month.
i grew up in the industry. i have 7 children.
i do, i have 7 children, i love them.
i grew up on a farm so i feel that is what i deserve
that's awesome. what do you do for a living?
hi joan. i'm doing well, and you?
i am currently in college studying language
i am a professional singer as well. i don't mind eating pizza though.
i'm from ny i'm so glad you like pizza do you have siblings?
i love horror movies. i read about them in my weekly science fiction comics.
i bet! i have six siblings. i am older than six.
i've to admit, pizza is pretty good right now.
i'm sorry about that!
great, i just got back from a walk with my three cats. you?
i live near the mountains where are you from
i am a fan of the cold, and i've two dogs.
that is sad. i am sorry. my parents were both teachers too.
wow, i love animals. i have a pet turtle.
what grade are you in? i am in 4th grade.
they're too busy making me do all of the work
i don't know. maybe they think i am a bad person.
good. i just came back from a long trip to europe.
pizza is my favorite thing to eat. i am not much of a pizza person.
i work in ad. i have been there 6 years and i love it!
i love kids! do you volunteer at the hospital?
i like pizza. i am off to go watch tv.
oh wow that's a lot of kids.
i work in the insurance business, but we have a kid, she's a sophomore in high school
i am married to a doctor. we travel for business.
hi. i just wanted some breakfast. what do you do for a living?
i'm just a young kid, i want to make my parents happy
that is cool. i want children someday so i need to eat more
i want to design clothing for kids so they can have a better look.
no, i've never had siblings. what about you?
thank you! do you like fashion?
wow, that's impressive! you must be fit.
i see, my parents were always gone when i was working in the medical field
i am good, how are you doing?
it is a service for recovering ex jws.
i'm. i'm not religious. i'm just a musician.
i cannot. my parents are not very open minded to the idea.
i speak a mixture of languages. but i am fluent in english.
that's great. i am jewish, i don't eat sweets.
i am jewish. i don't like sweets.
it is on tv here in new york
i am a teacher and i love kids
i work out four hours a day, mostly at the pool.
wow. that's exciting. i wish i was in a better position to have kids
that sounds really interesting. i love to workout.
yes it is, i love to swim, my husband and i do too.
i teach at a school near the beach, where the sun is so bright.
you should! the beach is beautiful.
i am a teacher and i love kids. do you?
i am so sorry. that is very sad.
i am mixed race and i love taylor swift! do you dance?
i am not sure i understand what you are trying to say.
what do you want to study in college?
not really about myself. about my family and friends.
you are so lucky. i am so sorry to hear that.
my sister painted a landscape for me last week.
i love to dance and sing. my three kids all girls
i grew up in the south. i was raised in a single parent household
oh, wow! i am in new jersey, i love the cold.
no, i'm more of a gamer. i play starcraft on my computer!
yeah, that's true. i am trying to be positive.
i am expecting at least two more. i cannot wait!
yeah it does! i also have a dog, he's a trooper!
yes i've three. how many cats do you have?
my cat is charlie. hehe. do you have pets?
i don't. i work model so i like to look good.
wow. how long have you been model?
that sounds interesting.
yes. i sing for free on youtube. i don't work
i don't know, i don't want to say.
hello. i am from cali. what about you?
i've a dog, his name is sam.
yeah, he plays a lot of video games too.
i'm also a video game designer. i play a lot of call of duty
that sounds like a good job. i'm actually a musician.
what is your favorite show?
i'm moving there with my husband in
great! i'm just writing a book.
i am sorry to hear that. i love cats.
cool! my cats are pretty cool... they're on a farm.
i am, but i'm an introvert. do you like to read?
i write about animals. do you like animals?
how sad. i'm sorry. what is your secret?
i am a female.... i love animals.
great i'm just writing some stories for my living
i'm afraid of dogs.
that's cool i like to read as well
do you have any pets?
cool what kind of movies do you like
oh no. my husband is a cop, he tries to save me
i am sorry to hear that
i agree. what kind of dog do you have?
hi. i'm doing well. how are you?
i have a dog and a cat
i do. i also like collecting old antiques from various sources.
what is your favorite food? mine is collecting antiques.
i do that, too. it helps with my social anxiety.
wow! i bet you must be fit!
i try to stay fit and trim.
yeah. do you have any hobbies?
i am fine and how are you today?
i'm sixteen. i hate middle school. i am going to be a lawyer.
biology. what do you do?
i like dogs too. i've one.
that is very! i want to be a veterinarian and make a lot of money.
i don't! i'm too busy studying biology!
yes, it is good to be alive after a long night at the movies.
i'm great! how are you?
i am a gym teacher, so i love cooking.
do you go to church? i do. i love the abc25 movies.
i have a thing for vintage cars and watches.
i hear you on that. i've to get my finances straight.
law school is hard work, lots of hard work. what do you do?
i have a daughter. she's in high school. she's a junior in college.
good, just relaxing with my dogs. how are you?
yes, i'm a jewish woman. i'm very spiritual and i love playing with candles.
i like the office. do you watch it? i do.
i like classical music, like taylor swift.
i live in new york. i love to play tennis. do you?
i do. do you like the beach? i love the beach.
i love to run. i just like to play with my dolls.
i'm not sure, maybe i can find a position in the government.
sure! what kind of paint?
i don't like cats. my dad keeps trying to get me to do it.
he is. my mom is very traditional. she wants me to marry her.
well that's good. i'm sure my dad will love that.
you could get married, but i'm sure he doesn't want it.
do you have any pets? i have two cats.
that is a wonderful idea. do you have any favorite bands?
i would too, but it would be for shoplifting, not for my cats.
i am good, how about you
my favorite hobby is listening to the radio
i'm from new york, i was born and raised there.
i don't eat sweet things. i don't like sweets.
i don't eat much, but i've a big library at home.
i like the salty ones, and the sweet ones.
do you like music? i like the office but i also like to cook
no, but i've never had them before.
hello. i'm a young mixed race girl from somalia.
nice! i love skiing!
i have 2 dogs and a cat. i love them both. what is your favorite color?
they sure can. i wish i could give you more than one up vote
no, i don't think that is a thing
i love travis scott, he is my favorite and his new single is amazing
that is a very interesting thought.
hi. sure! i love to chat with people.
that sounds like fun, i love to watch tv and listen to music
what do you like to do for fun?
yes i do. i love dogs, they're the best. what is your favorite show?
do you like dogs?
do you have a job?
well, i do love dogs but my husband and i don't care for dogs
hello, i am doing great. how are you?
i am currently a student, but i want to be a hairst stylist one day.
i'm not into the whole hair thing. i like to eat granola.
i've a pet fish. he's my everything.
i have a tupac hat. i like to wear it to a concert every year.
i have two kids. what is your favorite color?
i am 45. how about you?
i am well. how are you?
oh no! i've been through a lot in my life. how are you today?
yeah it was a crazy night. i'm 6 foot and 320 pounds
i love to bake as well. do you have a favorite kind of bread?
i like working out. do you have any hobbies?
i have to get used to it.
i have never been to a party where people didn't have a ladder.
i like people who are open minded about what they like.
good. just came back from a walk with my dog.
that sounds delicious. i don't like eggplant, but love the smell.
he does. my brother, who is also in the army, goes every week.
my parents drive mustangs. they're in the us now.
i've never seen a raptor. i like dogs, they're great.
that must have been hard.
i bet. my brothers and sisters are always hunting. what state are you in?
no not really. i just love to sing and dance.
maybe you should learn some martial arts.
no i'm not, i am just a kid who loves food and singing, you?
you are in luck. i teach softball at the local church.
i am a huge american. i am from ohio.
yes. i have learned so much from the war. it was a tough time.
i can make spaghetti, garlic bread, tofu and tofu salad.
lol i eat it as a kid, i played softball.
i am great. how are you?
do you like to read?
i've a big family. we are from india.
yes. i have tons of it. and my garden is very full.
what do you like to do in your spare time?
i like to do biology. i love gardening.
how long have you had him?
that is a good hobby. i love walking.
hi, i am great! i am learning to be a food artist, what is your favorite food
i am a teacher in a high school.
i do. i also like to sketch, i love doing that
that sounds very interesting. i would like to learn how to do that someday.
i love music! i have a bunch of stickers for the lolla music festival!
i've a dog, he's yummy too. what kind of dog do you have?
i have been trying all types of food everywhere i go and i am still single
for a few years. we've been together for 15 years
hello, how are you today?
my favorite thing is pizza with black olives
hello, i am doing great. what about you?
i am 35, do you i still go to school?
you sound very confused. you should relax.
that sounds interesting. do you enjoy school?
you should come visit us sometime. i have a bunch of books to read.
i like to stay away from crowds as much as possible, so i will be safe.
good. i'm going to be a doctor. i hate shopping. i like to shop for shoes
no, i am single and i like to shop for shoes
i've a big family so i want to have as many kids as possible.
that is nice are you married?
you sound like a nice person. i wish i was.
i was born at night, in my first or second grade class
i am in the u. s. i have been here for a year and a half
17, i want to become a doctor
i'm a retired gym teacher.
great! i just got done eating my favorite baked ziti salad.
well i'm retired so i don't have to work anymore!
yes, he's retired and i'm just like him.
yes. my father used to be a vet. he passed away a long time ago.
no. i'm just a meat lover. do you?
i hike a lot around colorado and red river in the spring
you are so right!! i love hiking with my dad!
i just finished a blog post, so i must be doing something right.
i am good i like to workout and compete
no, it is not cheese. i like my coffee like i like my women.
i am from new jersey i grew up here
i live in arizona but i like to travel a lot
i have a sister, i think she's a body builder
that is nice. i am only 19 and i want to live forever.
yes i am
where do you live now?
great. its sunny today and very cool.
i love my rolls royce ghost, i drive it almost everyday.
no, i am more into cars. my favorite is the rolls royce ghost.
about 1000 a month. what do you do?
it is rude because you are expecting someone to spend all that money.
i like it too. what kind of cars do you have?
do you like movies?
i'm good, you?
i'm very conservative. i don't go to church.
do you have any pets? i've a dog.
i work in a ford pickup so i get to spend time with my family
we are close. my parents are very wealthy bankers.
that would be great. i am a very simple person. i like simple things
it does but my family does not support my lifestyle
i like to go to church on the weekend, even though my family doesn't.
yes, yes he is. do you have any hobbies?
oh, i like to read as well. i just don't have time to read when i go
i like to cook but i am not very good at it.
hi. i am well. how are you?
that's a lot of hard work.
that is awesome! i like shellfish. i've one sibling, two parents, two brothers and
my sibling used to get puffed up from the fumes, but he's grown since then.
i am glad i am not allergic.
yeah i know. i was pretty bummed out about it.
i'm not a professional but i do some freelance work. what do you do?
hello how are you today?
do you work at mcdonalds or something
what is your favorite thing to do?
oh my. sorry to hear that.
that is very kind of you
oh no. i'm just trying to get by.
i hear ya. my uncle worked at mcdonalds and his death is sad too.
good! just got back from my law school class. you?
i wish i was your age. i'm a college student, studying law.
well, she did try and pick up my middle school friends.
oh ok. i guess i am not a bad kid then.
that is the way to do it. i'm working on my law degree.
that's very creative, do you have any siblings?
i just want to be successful so i can afford college.
5 foot 6. what about you?
good, how are you today?
i agree, and now i know the difference between a and an
it is actually, but its much much more fun on the move
it is, do you like it?
yeah you get to play with friends and learn new things
i live in florida. where do you live?
winter, when everyone is playing pool and sledding
hi jordan, i'm good. i just got back from work at hollister
hi joe here. my parents were both farmers and i love the farm life.
i enjoy working with bluegrass.
i am a professional bluegrass player, what do you do?
a long one. it was really long and unwieldy
wow! that's crazy. my parents were both very athletic.
oh okay, so you like sports then?
i love it. it was on tv a couple times a week.
hi i am good i just got my nails done
nice, my dad has a car salesman, i love the place
i like to look at my nails and sing about horses.
cool i like music too. what is your favorite food
yes, i got my first car free when i got my first job
yeah i like most of them. do you?
cool. i have never been to clear water.
i don't like the beach much
i am from the us. do you like sushi? i love it here.
puerto rico? i am from the north, but i love sushi!
south carolina. i work out of my dads shop.
cool. i like working out, and eating good food.
i'm from michigan. i grew up there.
i'm in the south. my father is in the army.
i was in the army since i was five, i'm thirty now.
i like rap. who are your favorite artists?
i'm good. i just finished working on my computer.
just got done writing a book on spiderman
i have written a sci fi book
i do that to keep busy. i also like to read
you have a lot of fears, what do you fear?
yeah, i'm a bit scared of them, do you have kids?
i am from chicago
do you like to hike or kayak?
hi. my dog is called charlie.
nice, i am watching football sunday.
my father does that. he is a retired gym teacher.
what kind of animals do you have?
i like watching football on sunday. do you watch football at all?
i am a male. i have 3 dogs.
not so happy. i'm getting married next year and my boyfriend cheated and left me.
no i don't. it is all relative.
i am a teacher
do you work? i work with my golden retriever.
i'm a teacher, it pays the bills. do you have kids?
do you have any pets? i have a dog, he's a big goof.
that's cool i love watching the movie
oh ok, well i have seen the movie and ten times.
i'm sorry to hear that. do you like the movie it is based on?
sorry to hear that. have you seen the movie?
i work at a record store. what do you do?
that is a good job! i've a sibling who plays music.
i have 4 siblings and 2 older sisters.
nothing really, do you have siblings?
that sounds interesting. i like music too. i've two siblings.
i am so small, that i am in a triplets.
yeah, it is. my mom is always telling me to get big so she can help.
rock, especially country. how about you?
i am very well. how about you?
that is a cute name. i've a dog, she's a mut.
that's sad, what happened?
that is nice, i'm on a small island in new york.
no i'm not a big fan of dancing. i am more of a star wars fan.
that's okay. i'm a baby boomer, so i am used to
that is the spirit. i am proud to be an american.
oh my gosh! my parents were in ww2.
i'm doing well thank you. how are you?
yes i understand
i have been married 4 times, and have 3 kids
that sounds really fun, i want to try it
what do you want to be when you grow up
no. i have no idea what that is
i am sure you are. do you have a favorite band?
hi john. i'm kim
no i don't care for animals
that's adorable. i have 2 dogs and a cat
yes. my dogs and i train them
i work at a convenience store, i love to shop.
do you work now?
i understand. i have two dogs, one cat and one puppy.
i love it. do you have any pets?
hi there. how are you today?
i just started playing, so i am still learning, but it is fun!
that's so sweet. i love to run sentences together. do you have any hobbies?
i don't have joints, but i do have a nervous twitch. that is why i do yoga
i'm 24 and i can still feel it in my joints.
i am a huge fan. he has helped me make some money.
i am a little nervous about that. i don't know what i would do without my kids.
yes i've run a couple of times.
hi josh, i am from ohio and i love law school
no i don't. my parents were both in.
i love to sing karok. are you married?
i love hiking and sing folk songs while i do it.
no, i'm more red with a bit of blue in it.
it makes your eyes easier to see things. i am colorblind
it is. i love it. do you have a favorite color?
that's awesome. i hope you succeed in your future endeavors.
i'm doing pretty good today, how about you?
i am in marketing, i love traveling
that is a lot of years!
i am in the south. i grew up in new jersey.
yes i am jewish and my parents taught me survival skills.
i like to travel.
i do work in the insurance business, but i don't cook.
wow, you have family that are christian?
it is going well how about yourself?
what do you do for work?
i like to watch movies with my dog
sorry to hear that, i'm single
i don't shave, i go for the full shave every 3 months
i like cooking and like dogs a lot
what is your favorite book or movie
that sounds really interesting, i hope you succeed
what kind of foods do you enjoy? i love mexican food.
oh ok. what do you cook
that is interesting. what do you grow
they don't know i've a volkswagen beetle they just call me a kid
well i'm sure you have many good memories of your time there.
do you have a job?
nice! my highschool senior year i got a volkswagen beetle
no it is going to be a summer school thing.
i'm a carpenter. my wife and kids would love to have me play
wow. sounds like you could use a break.
yeah, but i've three kids and a wife, so i can drink to that.
i like pizza. do you have kids?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a dog?
well, i don't know what kind of animal you are. do you like animals?
that's cool. i work in a bank now.
where are you from? i am from india.
oh, i am doing well, just watched a football game. how are you?
how long are they there?
i have a dog. do you like dogs?
you have three dogs?
i am thinking about the art school i want to go to.
just watching football sunday. and you?
i love to watch football sunday mornings. do you?
it is a team sport. the players are human too.
i love to travel to the country side. i have a hat collection at the hospital.
i'm disabled and cannot work.
oh they are very precious. i knit them and give them to the babies.
that is good too. i can not knit because of a disability.
i do enjoy cooking. i've a great recipe for spaghetti with bacon and mushrooms.
i've a hat for my dog, his name is roscoe.
i like to make chocolate covered truffles.
i've seen those at a local bakery.
i am good. what about you?
i am retired, and am looking forward to retirement.
that is funny. my mom is an administrative assistant and she makes bank.
yeah, i'm already retired. i am expecting my 5th in 5 years.
no. not really. i am just looking forward to retirement.
yeah it is great. i really enjoy the oldies.
that is awesome. i love fashion. i'm looking forward to retiring in 5 years.
i am doing great. how are you?
i am a male and i am in the army
i work with a robot and play video games
i get to read a lot of poetry, and play a lot of games
yes, internet is very good for chatting. i like to play roleplaying games on it.
i do volunteer work.
i do agree, i am a violent person though.
yes, i am a volunteer now.
i'm great. i have one brother and four sisters.
i live in ohio and love to go to the beach.
not too much, i live with my parents.
what kind of music do you like?
do you like music? i play music at concerts.
i have two older sisters that are great too
i don't mind it. i like to listen to music
i was just thinking about that, do you like music
good, just got back from a run. how about you?
what is that suppose to mean?
i work at a restaurant
what is wrong with mcdonalds? are they hiring?
i am a mom of a kids
do you like animals
i'm going to college to become a nurse, but i want to work
i understand that. i have kids so i need to find time to read as well
i am doing well. i have a cat and a dog.
i am from chicago, where are you from?
nice, where are you moving to?
what do you want to do in nyc?
i like skateboarding too. do you have any pets?
do you play games? i do board games.
maybe one day. i don't think i'll ever be able to sing that well again.
i think you should. the gospel music is very uplifting.
hey there! how are you today?
i love riding horses.
what do you do? i am retired now.
i m a mechanic. what about you?
no. i do have a leg, though. my left one.
horses are a great source of energy. my left leg hurts a lot.
oh no, i understand that. what do you do for work?
i do have short hair. it is so much fun.
hi! i'm ok, but my parents were always gone.
that is a good business model. i want to be a designer when i'm older.
cool! my parents were always behind me when i wanted to pursue my dreams as a designer.
i want to design clothing, like scarfs and leggings.
what kind of job are you looking for?
i wish my parents were here when i was young!
i want to be a designer, and i want to design clothing for women.
hello, doing well. how are you?
i am fine thank you. i grew up in california but i want to move to new
i model, i am moving to new york to work with my idols.
what kind of sports do you play?
i don't think i will. i love the city.
i am thinking of using the time to skateboard. i really dislike water.
i don't have any pets, i will be moving in with my boyfriend next year.
i am happy that i am doing well, and how are you?
yes. i've 5 children, and i love them.
that's wonderful. what is your favorite food?
i like to eat pizza. do you have any kids?
it is a lot of hard work. i'm so sorry you have to deal with it.
no, i like to cook but my family and society have not appreciated me as much as they should
yes! and you sing? i am unhappy with my life.
oh yeah, i have a lot of family that i'm close to.
i'm retired and love quilts!
i have a brother, ben, who is also a bank teller.
that sounds very fun! what kind of doctor are you?
my family and i are so close, i'm retired and living the great life
that is cool, i have a cat that eats red meat too.
it is very hard to do in the city.
what is it? i just retired.
hi i like to make my own clothes
sounds fun. i am an army vet.
nope, i left when i was 13 to pursue my music career
it is. i adopted it when i was a little kid.
i like music i sing folk songs when i get the chance.
you should, i adopted a cat and i am a happy cat
i am not. i am in the military
that is bad, do you know where you are
hello, doing well. i'm well.
oh that's okay. i love chicken. do you have any pets?
no. i don't. i workout a lot. i go to the gym all the time.
i don't. i'd die of old age before i got to go. do you like sports
do you like to travel? i go to the gym a lot.
yes i am a doctor.
i don't train at all. i'm just a bodybuilder.
i'm a physical therapist. how about you?
it is raining here, i am very sad
that's great! i am glad you like it. what did you do all weekend?
i am sorry. maybe you should go back to wisconsin.
my husband and i are moving back to wisconsin in two months. we are expecting twins.
i like to cook but my brother would not let me.
my favorite artist is metallica. what about you?
definitely! i like the way they move, especially the snow.
yes, they are great! i've seen them a few times.
i am great, just got done taking my dog for a walk.
oh. i live in a big city so i stay away from the beach
i'm not much into sports, i just like to dance.
cool! i don't like the cold. i prefer summer.
i am sorry, i just had to dance to selkies. i am so sad now.
i am sure you will change that. do you like the club?
that is cool! do you like animals?
well, i'm an athlete and compete in dog agility.
i'm doing well and how are you?
that is an ambitious dream. my family is so rich they have quilts for all their living room
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope things get better for you.
that is fun! i like to walk. i've a dog too. do you have any pets
i am, and i am a retired bank teller.
do you have any hobbies?
that is sad, do you have any other hobbies?
good. just finished playing bluegrass music. you?
i play bluegrass music. how about you?
what are you going to school for?
i have a big family and am expecting twins in two months!
it is definitely worth it. i hope your kids grow up to be healthy and beautiful!
thank you! i am just a student trying to make it as far as i can.
what kind of church do you go to?
i love to skateboard, and you?
yes, i've done it many times.
i love hiking and the view is great.
i love rap, and some of them are my fave artists.
i wish i was. i'm a student. i just like to work.
do you like to cosplay?
well, it is cali. it is all robots here
i go to a local school as well
yes it is. i am homecoming queen this year. i love it here.
just looking at houses and eating some food.
i don't. i don't have any.
i have two of them, they are great.
haha, i work in sales and my job is selling stuff.
i am not vegan. i eat meat. what is your challenge?
that's a good idea. i like the color rush band
my husband makes me some salad for my fast, i love it.
sure, but i am allergic to electricity.
hey there big guy, i'm fine. what about you?
not so bad. my mustache keeps me cool, though.
i keep to myself most of the time since i'm retired.
i keep to myself most of the time, i have to keep to myself for safety reasons
i'm a retired farmer
i want to be a physical therapist, and have my own horses
do you like sports?
hello, how are you doing?
i'm a student so i have free time. how about you?
my sister does not like her boyfriend
yeah i am studying to be a lawyer
wow that is cool that you work for a living
i try. what do you do in school
i love my dog max, i name him max too
my dogs name is max. what is your dog?
i am doing well thank you. how are you doing?
frisbee is fun! i play softball, but i also like to skateboard.
do you like music?
what kind of sport do you play?
do you like music? i love rap music
do you enjoy sports at all?
nope. just me and my friends. what about you?
are you in college? i'm in college studying education
i am fine. just came back from playing on second life.
i love to gamble. i've never had a serious larp.
my family and i are from texas. we moved here from ohio when i was three.
i watch tv a lot. i love it.
i have a cat named dixie who is my everything.
he loves to curl up in the tub with me and cry.
i do, but not as much as i used to. i live in a small town now.
i'm fine. how about you?
oh i make paella, it is a paella stew with garlic bread
you have time. you will make it back on the streets.
oh that is funny. are you going to celebrate halloween?
well that is nice, my mom is a dentist so i eat kosher
yes that is the best way to do it.
that's nice, do you have any favorite movies
i love cooking for my friends
hey, bri is great, how are you?
awesome, i hope your lessons help
you are a person of many talents. what do you look like?
do you like to dance? i like to. do you?
a game where you play money, like in casino
it is like a chess but you can move pieces
i use my singing abilities and my checkered uniform to win
do you like it? i do, do you have kids?
i am a single mom, and i'm going to college. what about you?
no i don't. i love it here, do you like to go hiking?
that's exciting. i love kids! i'm expecting twins in
yes! i do. i also like to take walks.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
green and purple. and yes, i know what a rainbow is.
yes i was homeschooled. i am single dad and have two boys.
no i've not. but my two boys like to go hiking.
i love to go to disney world, especially mickey mouse
no, i teach biology at a college
oh, well, i love to travel. i have been to six countries now.
interesting. i like to walk, and teach bio.
that sounds fun. i like animals, especially birds.
i teach at a college in colorado.
i love it. i also love to explore the country.
i am sure she did. do you teach at a college?
i'm a dog walker. what about yourself?
i'm 40, and i'm afraid of heights! what about you?
i have two dogs. i like them both. they're so goofy.
i do too. it is a scary place!
i do like to read. i have a few books.
anything really. my favorite subject is birds! do you have pets?
i have a pet. what kind of dog do you have?
i've a cat and a dog. do you have any pets?
i have, and it is very enjoyable
where do you live i'm retired from banking
oh i'm in pennsylvania, you?
it is a beautiful place to travel.
i love the saints! but my cats would like to have a word with you
i try not to. i spend my free time practicing walking and reading.
not yet. i have been busy. i do like to watch movies though.
i am doing well. what kind of scotch do you like?
me too, i also like to read.
it is. i just started and it is great. i will keep you posted.
i like action, but i also enjoy a good story.
i've not tried vegan before. i'll give it a go.
do you dance or sing? i am a singer.
yeah it was a fun job.
i used to write sci fi for a living, and i still write sci fi for a living.
yes, i love horses, i'm trying to get one for my wedding.
you will be great. i am going to uni in the united states
i'm in high school. i want to be a nurse.
i live on the rock and rolla. i love country music.
yes! how how did you know that? do you like taylor swift?
i bet you do, how many do you have?
that is terrible! i hope your horse heals soon.
i don't have money to buy paint.
i'm a musician
been playing guitar for 3 years now, i want to be a singer
thanks, maybe i will!
i like to play guitar when i'm not playing a gig
it is. i wish i had some money to blow on expensive stuff like tickets to concerts.
oh wow, you live on a small island?
how much would you like to spend on them?
yeah, i bet they were, you have sisters or something?
hello. i am doing well. how are you?
that sounds really hard. i teach at a kindergarten.
i don't know his name. i don't have one.
i love cats. my mom has a big collection of cats.
do you have any pets?
i like movies, i watch them while i'm taking a break from my studies.
i like to watch movies, but i also like to spend time with my cats.
yes very. i am a kindergarten teacher so i do a lot of volunteer work.
i am watching a football match on tv
nice! i love watching football on sundays.
i have a lot of family that comes over for holidays.
my hair is so short i could probably pull it up with my bare hands.
christmas is awesome, but i am partial to easter.
thanks for talking to me. you seem kind.
thanks. do you have any hobbies?
i am okay i think, but my aunt helped me a lot when i was in a hospital
wow that is nice i am going to go to a juvenile detention center tomorrow
i am trying to be a doctor. i love to travel and help people.
yeah, me too. it is my favorite thing to do
i like grey. i've a lime green one
i bet you are busy
no i don't. i am only 17
i have a volkswagon bug
i am a nurse and a vegan! i love cooking for my babies!
i'm unable to work at a job due to a disability.
i love country music. i am unable to work due to a disability.
no i'm from chicago, in the us.
i can try! i am unable to work due to a disability.
they are. i'm not working right now because of a disability.
that's so sweet of you. you need to find a better doctor.
i will. i will make you a hat.
hello, i'm doing well, how are you?
pretty dry, i am afraid of water.
oh, i see, i just got back from tending to the bees.
you should definitely give it a go. it is a rewarding job.
do you have any hobbies?
i am a plant biology major, what do you do?
not really. i love gardening.
i love that idea! i am going to make pumpkin pie this year
i've one dog and a cat
do you have a favorite kind of music? i love jazz.
me too! i want to go there next year.
i like to read as well
yeah. i love to read and have a big library. do you read?
i love to read too. what kind of music do you like?
wine is nice too. what is your favorite wine?
good! just writing a little for my job. i'm afraid of dogs though
great! i am in a class right now about a superhero. i love them.
do you have pets?
that is okay. dogs are cool. what kind of dog do you have?
wow, a dog on a diet? how old is he?
wine sounds nice. i like to write horror movies.
i don't know, but i do like the movies, superman is a good one.
i've been playing video games all day.
hi! i am doing great. i'm in the army.
i was in the army since i was little. it is very hard to be away from home.
about 4 years now
that is awesome. what do you do for fun?
i agree! i love the beach, it is my favorite place to visit.
it is a very nice place. i am in the army.
you must love your job. i work at an elementary school.
i am currently a custodian and volunteer at the food bank.
hi, my name is tim and i'm a blogger about animals.
i love animals. i've a dog and retriever.
i am so great at baking, i could make you a cake.
oh, rabbit gum. that is good stuff.
oh no! i am so sorry. what
that would be awesome. my sister loves rabbit.
i'm a vegan and a bunny rescue.
i like to play soccer, but i am not very good.
i've never tried that before. i'll have to give it a go sometime.
that is funny! i love to cook for my family.
i am an engineer. what kind of surgery?
that is so sad. i am sorry.
i prefer italian food over anything.
i am an engineer and i love bacon.
i understand that, i am an engineer.
i haven't, maybe i should though, how is your evening going?
i've heard that it is very salty.
i work at the gym. i just got back from it.
you sound fun! i go to the gym a lot.
i'm single and have a kid. what about you?
i would love to get to know someone.
i'm sure it would be great. do you have any pets?
i am great. just got done preparing a basket for my baby delivery.
hello. i am a music teacher, how about you?
well, i am unable to work at a because of my disability.
that's awesome, i love classical music too
bummer, my mom passed away when i was young, and i had no idea she had a
they're so gross
i can speak english and french fluently. what do you do?
what do you like to do for fun?
that is good, i love traveling. do you travel a lot?
i've a dog. do you have any pets?
i like dogs. i named him after my dog max.
it might help you
yes, i travel all over the world to teach people about healthy eating and fitness
it is. but i do it for the dogs.
that is nice to hear. i wish i could help.
hello, i am a girl who is pregnant with my first child
i have not been able to go to a concert since i was arrested,
i hope you don't have children,
i was born in somalia, but escaped, i want to design clothes
you should come see us at
no it is not.
yes i am mad because my boyfriend took my boyfriends dog
about a year, i've a boyfriend but we are not close
my husband is a professional spider keeper, what do you have to do
i love blue, reminds me of spring time.
i went to a large farm for years.
they're delicious. what kind of car do you drive?
i think about it every night before bed. do you?
that is nice. what do you do for work?
my parents are not dead. i am lucky.
that must have hurt. i'm sorry about that.
hi. i live in alabama.
no i don't, do you?
i would but i'm not a farmer.
i have seven on this earth and a large farm
i have a strange ability to have children.
sure! do you have kids?
it is very nice. you should.
hi lucy, i'm mike. i am a musician who is in the band fr
its going great just finished playing some frisbee and eating some
i love to eat them too but i never finished highschool
i like soccer as well. i just recently got an apartment
i just had my surgery yesterday
that is good. i just had surgery and now i'm deaf.
i'm eating a salad for breakfast right now
its a twitch streaming service where you can stream your gameplay on twitch
i'm doing well, how are you doing?
i love to listen to music and go to the park
i do like singing
that's nice. i've two dogs and one cat. what is your favorite food? mine is
you too. i have a dog. he's a black lab
no i am not married just two kids and my dog
i'm not married but my cats are
how many animals do you have?
i bet you wouldn't know what that word means.
yes i do, his name is charlie
i don't have any pets, but i have a dog, charlie
i don't know much about the human body, so please, no animal.
oh. i have a dog. do you have any pets?
no i don't. but my boyfriend and i go to disney world a lot.
thank you, it means a lot to me
you should go get a dog. my dog helps me deal with my anxiety
hello, doing good, and yourself?
pink is my favorite color, and my horses are pink too.
no, i just got back from a diet. i need to cut out the unhealthy stuff.
i like to eat healthy. i am trying to cut down on my eating.
no but my husband is an electrician so he might be able to help.
yes i have. i also like to cook for my family
oh yes i agree. what kind of hobbies do you have?
not yet. i'm still getting my nails done. i love nail art.
sure! do you have any pets?
his name is george. i'm so happy. my first child is due in april.
are you going to college?
i am so excited about it! i'm so excited!
that's great! i've a golden retriever named larry
i love to model my cars, i have a mini van that i keep in my garage
i love model cars, and i like to model my own cars, what kind of cars do you
you should get one! i love the movie titanic!
hi. i'm doing great! just cleaning out cages at the research facility where i work.
oh that is nice. i am only five feet tall
do you drink water outside of work?
i do exercise a few times a week
i'm 5'10, i use other peoples trash. i also have weird feet
i am 5 foot 8 how about you?
no, no help here either.
i am glad youre here. i am sure you are happy
i'm doing well, and you?
do you work as a manager? i am a manager for a music streaming service
i love cooking. what kind of music do you like?
i like sports. i am a michigan state fan.
wow! that is a long time. i hope you are successful in retirement.
it will be nice to travel, but i am not sure i will travel alone.
you should. it is a great city.
we are in wisconsin. i grew up here.
hello, how are you today?
do you like dancing and singing at the club?
oh i love the brownies they're my favorite
yes! i love candy! my mom made me some last night.
sure. i just bought my first home. i am a professional dog walker.
i am very happy
poetry is cool. i like taking pictures of my pets.
sure! i have a big library at my new house. where do you live?
i am good! just playing some tennis with my boyfriend
i like to play tennis. i am an assistant manager at a local supermarket.
i play soccer, its fun! i play a few baseballs.
i also love to try new foods when i retire in five years.
wow, i am sorry to hear. i hope your disabled.
that sounds really cute. i love to play board games.
thank you for the kind words.
hi i'm good and yourself?
yes i do, it helps me to stay in shape.
i like watching horror movies
i work out 3 times a week.
thank you. do you watch horror movies?
i try to be nice because i'm a big guy. i'm 5 11
i am glad to hear that. it must have been awful.
same to you! i hope you are having a great night!
good. i'm just eating some eggplant parm
my parents live in canada, i grew up there
that is great, i live with my best friend in australia
you are missing out. there is a great food scene here.
yeah, my brother is an economist, he makes decent money too
well i do like to eat eggplant and my dogs name charlie
wow, i love cats! i have a dogs too.
hi there. i'm good! i was just hunting.
i do like horses, but they don't like me
anything that will give me pleasure.
do you like to go hiking?
i am allergic to shellfish so we don't go fishing.
that sounds fun! do you have pets?
yes, i want a pony
i'm well. what are you doing?
nice i am a swim coach at my school.
i am just playing with my toys. i have never been away from my parents
that sounds like a fun job
i like to skateboard and go to amusement parks. do you like amusement parks?
what is your favorite video game
it is very fun! i love it.
do you like tae kwants? i have never been
i am doing fine! what about you?
my favorite food is model cars, i love them!
that sounds so relaxing! i'm not much of a singing fan
that sounds like a good job. i'm a teacher
not really, but my dad used to coach softball at the park
that sounds interesting. i'm only 19. i need to get out of my parents house.
he was a great man
i did not know that. how do you like your job?
i love walking. i am going to pet shop tomorrow morning
i've a dog, he's a black lab. what do you do for work?
i'm sure it is. i work at a local pet shop. do you work?
i have heard the same thing about traveling in the usa.
i am a big fan of music
i like to walk and play with my dog, he's so big.
i like to play ping pong, i am not very good though.
i'm well and how are you?
i work out alot. i like to stay in shape
i do too sometimes, but not as much as rap.
it is good for you. i like to work out as well.
i'm a vegan and love cooking my own food
she has a daddy who keeps feeding her
oh i love quilts. my favorite way to relax is to read a book
my dad has a quilt that i make
australia. i am married with two kids.
oh. i'm in pennsylvania myself. where abouts are you?
i love to read and have a library card. do you have a library card?
she's a great friend to have.
that is nice, how long have you known her?
not yet. but one day i hope to.
that sounds amazing! i am going to have twins in two months
hi. i'm doing good. you?
nice. i have been married for 15 years.
i would love to see you sing.
i like skateboarding because my wife makes it for me.
i love to read, i also cook meals for my family.
yeah. i am a home cook
oh ok. i have never been in a cooking competition.
i try to make them as big as possible. what do you do?
hello renee! i'm on a strict paleo diet, and you?
i don't. i eat healthy. i love eating healthy.
sorry to hear that. do you play any instruments?
i love to play video games. do you?
yes! i eat a lot of healthy. i also love to read plays.
that's great! i'm just getting started, i'm only in my second year.
i do! i like exercising. i also read. i also like playing tennis.
yes i do. i also like cooking and movies.
my boyfriend has one and he loves him
yes you should be
i like dogs and have two dogs
i am a single mom who loves to cook
i rent an apartment with my best friend. do you like to read?
i have a pet, her name is lisa
do you enjoy cooking?
hi, i'm doing well thank you. how are you?
awesome, i live in canada so i am used to cold.
cool. i love tennis. i am currently a law student.
rap is cool. i do like to travel, so that's good.
i have a dog too! she's very independent and loves to go on adventures.
it is very expensive. i am studying to be a lawyer.
you will! the more you practice the more you'll fly.
well, that's good. i am practicing my law degree.
i am well, thanks
that must be very interesting. i love watching sports
i love working on my turtle. i named him timothy.
awesome. i am not old. i am only 19.
you need to learn to read. i studied. finished my undergrad at 16.
my turtle tim is the best. i named him after my fav season.
i like to read. my favorite author is sam harris. you?
i am well. i just played a few games of scratch offs.
just playing some video games with my kids. what about you?
yep! i painted the walls purple and lime green!
yeah, i have a good diet and exercise. do you play games?
that is great! i like to play games.
just enjoying the sun and the beach today. how about you?
it has made me hate people, mostly alcoholics.
yeah. i'm going to try a strict drinking lifestyle.
i used to be a painter but now i'm a housekeeper
no, not really. i am trying to find a good job.
oh okay, that is nice. i am in the army, so there are a lot of guys
i was in the military, i was forced into a marriage
do you know if they will accept my disability?
i work with wires in a house, it is very interesting
both my parents are there. but i do have a leg that is very fast over terrains
hi, i am leon. i'm a retired gym teacher.
ok. well i'll be waiting
& what do you want to do?
yes, do you own an exotic car?
my parents were both in teachers, my mom is a war hero and my dad is a dog
i've been bees, i don't think i can get rid of them
i live in california. i am a hair stylist for dogs, but i also have
i am a british person who lives travels the world for fun.
i am good, how are you?
i'm doing pretty good, how are you?
i play music. what kind of music do you like?
yes! i sing folk music.
i like them all. do you like dogs?
you must be fun at parties.
that sounds like fun! i work as a pet shop manager, so i spend alot of time looking
i like horses, they're so fluffy and nirvana is a cute name for one.
i am doing well. what about you?
it sure is. my favorite color is blue.
it is very nice here. i live in the too.
no. i am too busy being an adult.
it is very cold here.. i am in ohio and the weather is very mild.
that is a good idea. i am quilt, my favorite.
i do, and it is wonderful.
no. i was born in new york.
i'm learning to be a painter
i don't, no. i have never seen it.
that's great, i love anything that involves food
i don't really know
i am a girl, but you could make a case for either
wow, that's a big family!
i'm sure he'd.
yes, do you have any hobbies?
i am good. where are you from?
labor and delivery sounds like a great job
i don't. i am afraid of heights.
i have never been to the gym. i don't go often because i am afraid of heights.
i don't drink. i drink wine. and sometimes i mix it with diet coke.
me too, i am a steelers fan. do you play any sports?
i like to go hiking and camp in the spring
i eat the same thing everyday, but i also exercise a lot
i like shopping. what do you like to shop for?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i am single, no family.
i am single, i am so sorry.
nope, i'm single now.
i'm so glad we can travel to other parts of the world to shop.
i am a nurse. i'm only 23.
that is a nice area. i grew up in mississippi
hi, how are you doing? i'm good. just got home from playing guitar.
i live in chicago with my brothers. where are you from?
yeah. i play the guitar and play with my cats.
i'm a guitar teacher. what about you?
awesome! do you play instruments?
i work as a bartender. you?
what do you do for fun?
cool. i am sure you are smart enough to figure out what you want to do.
no i don't eat any animals or religious beliefs
i am an attorney, and i work in oklahoma. what about you?
i am into photography and like to draw
i do like that band oklahoma is beautiful
wow, i love animals too and have 2 dogs.
oh okay. do you like lawyers?
i am not religious
no. i am afraid of heights and am an oklahoma native.
that is crazy. what did you do to get that
oh no! i like to read poetry, so i do that too.
i am sorry. that stinks.
i am. i am an old lady. what do you do for a living?
i have both legs. what about you?
no. i don't have any legs to ride on.
nope. they were just stickers!
thank you. do you like animals?
oh wow, i've not thought of that. do you cook your own food?
yeah i should. i dropped out of high school to work full time.
it is not that bad, it is more like my life is a simulation of my work.
that is a good idea, i'll look into that
i hate bacon. i also dislike water.
that is sad, but understandable. i'm a runner and love to go running
great, just came in from a nice long walk with my dog.
i just saw a robot killa. what do you do?
i'm from california. where do you live?
oh wow, i live in california but am home schooled
i go to the gym most days just to socialize.
oh wow, i am from california myself. where do you live
that is true i live in california but my best friend is a robot
i like to play with my dolls
hi darlene. i'm from the land down under.
i am doing well, just got home from work. how about you?
i don't, i'm not a big drinker.
i am a homebody, i love spending time with my kids
yeah, my kids are in school too, i live with them now
i'm sorry. what do you like to do?
i'm homeschooling the child, it is hard being allergic to things
i am not sure yet. i am just getting back from school.
no, i don't collect anything. i am too busy working.
do you have any pets?
that's cool. what do you like to do in your spare time?
i am going to be a bio major, so no partying or drinking.
i've a cousin that is a doctor.
it is very beautiful. i don't drink or do drugs, just study biology and eat healthy.
fall is so nice. i love to camp. do you camp?
i love the fall colors, and i don't drink or smoke.
i am doing well. how about you?
nice, my favorite color is purple.
not really. i prefer to work in a factory
no i live in ohio. the ocean is my life.
you are a wonderful person. you are helping me.
it was 13 10 bucs at some point
i listen to everything but country music.
me too. i love growing roses in the garden.
hello! i'm not a fan of roller coasters but my 12 year old girl likes them.
i love the sound of rolling stones.
i am going to see taylor swift. her concert is in cali.
i am in the united states. i have never been outside of the us.
i love the color orange.
that's cool. i like gymnastics and that is my favorite.
i see. do you go to school?
you are training to compete in a marathon? i love roller coasters.
good. just finished unpacking. i am going to school.
that sounds like a great hobby
i like to go hiking with my family then we go out to dinner.
i love the ocean i am an avid fisherman
& i don't know what he she said but he is a fish lover.
i am a girl,. do you have any pets?
what do you do for fun?
i have a dog, he's very special to me
good, and you?
great i am from north dakota do you go to school there
i'm going to europe, my favorite country
its very dry here, so i enjoy being outside a lot.
i studied languages and spoke several. what do you do?
i am still in school so i have to do alot of studying
i've a dog named barnaby, barnaby is my big goofy goofy woof
that is a nice farm. i grew up on one
i'm doing great. i just got home from my class.
i'm great! i just got back from a ride at tae kwan do
yes i am a gymnast. what about you?
do you enjoy roller coasters? i love them.
i don't. i just like to skateboard
that must be a lot of work. i am a gymnast.
i don't know, maybe they are rude to my dad
i have never been away from the us. i like to travel
hi. i like to build stuff with my hands, how about you?
i've no idea what that's.
i work in a shipyard now
that's cool, i am not great at sculpting, but do you like being still?
not really. i don't like the game. what is the game called?
i am a dad who is busy building things for my kids
no, i am not big on electronics. do you have any kids?
i like to build things with my hands.
hi there. doing good, how are you?
i eat a lot of meat so i am healthy
do you collect any
sure thing, how much are you looking to get
yes i've
i have been with my husband for 5 years now
wow you are so creative. do you have any animals?
are you a doctor or lawyer?
hello. i am doing great. how are you?
i have a husband and a child, so i love watching tv with them
cool. i love ice cream. do you have any hobbies?
yes. i work at home so i stay pretty busy.
i'm from new jersey but i travel. where are you from?
that's the way to be, love the outdoors, i exercise and eat healthy.
i have a boyfriend but i like watching tv and playing games with him
good just got home from work. how about you
that's good! what kind of food do you like
maybe i will try
oh my goodness! i am glad you are safe now.
yeah. do you have any pets?
i don't have any pets, but my husband loves cats
that's okay, i don't mind it
i like to cook, i like to cook for my family
hi i am okay. my name is charlie. i am on the soccer team
i am retired now and live in california
i play with my friends, i don't go anywhere else.
i'm a gymnast. i love to roller coasters!
very cool. what kind of role do you play?
i'm from ohio, but i live in california now
i am not really into singing. i dance when i am bored though.
well you should come and see for yourself
i am doing well. how are you?
i am working on a romance novel.
i'm an avid reader as well. i just started a new one.
i have two cats and a dog. do you have any pets?
no, just one cat, he likes to play with my hair dryer.
my cat would love that! i love animals.
they like me. they say i'm a nice person.
not really, they live close to me, so i see them a lot.
good, i just came back from a walk with my dog.
oh i'm sorry to hear that. what happened
it is. you have to be pretty darn sight to be on the road
no. i am color blind. i am green though, so maybe that's why i am so
do you like dogs? i'm allergic to them
those are good too! i'm allergic to dogs
what is your favorite color?
thank you, do you like music?
hi! i'm great. watching a movie. you?
i haven't. maybe my husband will watch it with me tonight.
i love reading and my husband and i also love reading.
i live with my husband, he is a retired gym teacher.
that is what i like to hear. i am single so no children.
that's great! i like the holidays. i just celebrated my 100th birthday.
you are most welcome.
you too. i wish i had time to read, but work keeps me busy.
i'm watching the olympics. i love gymnastics!
i would. but i'm too busy looking at teddy bears.
yes. i also have a large amount of teddy bears. do you have pets?
i like the zoo too. what is your favorite show?
i am glad you love him
no, but i would love to. i've a ton of them
i've heard horror stories about that color.
i like everything that is green, except for war documentaries
hi i just moved here from chicago. where have you been?
i work in fast food, i dropped out and live in an apartment now
i've never been to burger king. i work at a shelter.
wow, my high school class has a computer science degree, i am a computer programmer
yes you'd be surprised.
wow that sounds like a lot of fun
wow! that's great! i dropped out of high school to pursue my passion.
i don't like people. they make me sad.
i am well, how about you?
i am going to a concert next week, i want to see the buggies.
that is very interesting! do you enjoy traveling?
awesome! i do you like music?
i'm from the land down under. do you like to travel?
i am always looking for shoes that match my bmw.
yeah, i am going to a music school next year.
oh i do, i'm working on my turning 18. it will be my 3rd year.
i like to travel, i also like to hike and listen to music.
i love to paint, i also like to read
that sounds nice. do you own a dog?
i love the mountains. i love to hike too, but mostly in the spring
i love to cook but i also like to read and write poetry
yes i do. he's a great singer!
i love stickers! my parents taught me how to do it.
it is of a band that i like
ohio state. i went to the gym all week. how about you?
oh nice! i go to the gym most days, but not on weekends. you?
i like purple. do you have a garden?
i don't drink water. or any alcohol.
lol. i'm only 24. i'm a stay at home dad.
you can! you have to believe in yourself!
yeah. i wish i had a better childhood.
maybe. maybe. do you know of a good vegan place near you?
hi, i am making a robot for my kindergarten class
that's a great idea! i like to travel. i am allergic to cats though.
that's a good profession to be in! what do you do?
do you like cats? i've two.
wow. my home is small, and i love to shop.
oh. that is sad. i'm sorry.
cool. i'm only a homecoming queen.
yeah, i'll probably go for the same clothes as my kid.
just talking with my best friend and i got a job last year
that sounds great! i love hiking and going for long drives.
wow that's awesome. my job is in advertising
i like working with ad sales, i met a few clients last year
i love music. i love country music
yes. my parents don't want me. my mom is a dentist
wow! i work in advertising, so i don't go to church.
hello. i am from the united states.
yes i work in a maternity ward in the hospital.
i am too. so i knit for babies at the hospital.
yes, i do. what do you do for a living?
i could knit, but i don't have the skills.
i have a dog and a cat. they are my everything.
that is funny. my husband and i knit scarves for our dogs.
you too. i'm knitting a hat for my husband.
hi, i'm great. how are you tonight?
that is good, you must be doing great!
oh, i'm sorry. how many children do you have?
i understand. do you like cats? i've three.
i like the walking dead. i'm currently watching the walking dead.
walking dead is so good. i love that show
yes, i've been every year since i was little.
oh that is awesome! i've 3 children and am unhappy with my weight.
hi, i'm well. i just got home from a walk with my two dogs. you?
i am into music. metallica is my favorite band. what about you?
oh i love metallica. i grew up with them, too.
i grew up in wisconsin. metallica is my favorite.
i like to hike and play guitar and sing, but mostly hike.
i have never worked out with a group before.
i agree. i am a little older than your brother.
that's awesome! i hope to go to college one day
how are the disabled?
hi, i'm a waitress. it is my dream.
yes, i love it. i also like to play piano and guitar.
i love rap, and i like music that involves a little bit of death.
nice. i live in new jersey and i've never heard of mark berg
i don't think so, i did not like it
i hate my job so i don't go anymore.
its a restaurant, i'm trying to get a better job.
that's so cute. i have to save up too, i'm still in school.
hi! i just got back from a visit to seattle.
that is adorable. i teach kindergarten.
i bet it does. do you volunteer?
do you have pets? i'm looking for a cat.
i agree. i teach at a k 9 unit.
it is a fish stew.
oh that is a great combo. i have two cats and a dog.
i am well. just practicing my bird law. how are you?
oh, i see. i am studying law. do you have siblings?
oh, you should post on r gardening. i love gardening.
what subject are you studying?
i wish i did. i have 2 older sisters that are great
no, i've two older siblings. they're all grown up.
yes. we are planning on getting married after this school year.
i have not been there, maybe i should.
hi. i am doing well, thanks. how are you?
my husband is a doctor, he's a doctor too.
work out, i work with horses. i love them.
it is very unique.
that sounds like a great idea. i am working out this afternoon.
i like fresh baked veggies too. i make them from scratch.
i love to make paella.
that's a good way to stay thin. i like exercising.
hello. i am kate and i love cats
yeah. i also have 2 cats. i love them both
that is cool i'm only 16 so i need all the help i can get
you sound like a good person, i wish i was you
i like my bacon with a little salt
i'm sorry i can understand that.
why did your mom move you
i am not saying it was her choice. i'm saying it was her right.
i'm okay, how about you?
that sounds like fun. i want to write some books myself.
do you have any children?
yes it does. do you have any hobbies?
you should get gold too.
i really like to binge watch the lord of the rings.
both! what is your second job?
i like to write about my love of the lord of the rings
hello suzie. i am doing good.
i am watching lord of the rings, how about you?
that is a good point but i am a woman
i love cooking but i am bad at it.
i am more into cooking my own food
that sounds like a great evening.
that sounds fun. i am currently watching the lord of the rings
i agree. do you have any favorite movies?
hi i am a little girl. i live in bora bora.
i've played a few. what is your favorite game?
that's cool. i've a turtle. his name is timothy.
i love summer too, especially with the long cool weather.
i'm from bora bora, tropical country. do you like to go outside?
that sounds fun, i don't think i've ever been on a plane, maybe a plane ride
i love spending money.
i've never tried cooking but i could probably make some great stew.
hi. i'm good. i just came back from work on my horse ranch.
i am a computer programmer. what is your favorite food?
i work out to music. i also like to cook.
i love working on horses, i grew up on a horse ranch
that would be really cool.
it is a great hobby.
me too! i love to eat baked goods!
oh, you have a fireplace? i have a big barn.
i am doing pretty good, how are you doing?
that sounds like fun.
i am a fan of ruffled shirts, they are so soft and comfy!
cute. i like ruffled shirts. i wish i could have ruffled flannel.
i would wear it out to the clubs.
oh that is good. i live in california but work in a nursing home.
that's nice. i hope i can help you get a job one day.
i am doing great. watching the movie with my husband.
oh dear. i hope you get better soon.
i'm 56, but i love to read. do you?
i work as a tour guide for the aquarium. what do you do for fun?
that's nice. i just finished watching the movie.
i'm a little girl, i've seen the movie 10 times
i just got back from the supermarket where i work.
hello, i am good. i am just copying what i have seen on tv.
i'm from california. what about you?
i am from california, but i'm from new york. i like to read.
no, he's not, he's a cop
yes, my favorite part is copying the robots names. what do you do?
i have not. i'm home schooled. what is your favorite book?
yes! i also love to coplay. i've a lot of work.
yes. do you have any kids?
i'm great. just got home from my job at the hospital. you?
thank you. you have any siblings?
i love to workout, but hate the long hours. do you like it?
i love cooking but i also enjoy fishing.
i'm sorry to hear that. what do you like to do?
well, maybe he likes you to.
i am so sorry to hear that.
i'm 46. i'm getting old.
i'm doing good. how are you?
i work as a teacher at a school in my free time
i do, what do you like to do?
that is great. i love to explore new places.
i am human, but i am a fish so i guess that's why i have so many
no, but i do have short hair and a fish tail.
i am a female. what about you?
i don't like granola. it has too many carbs
you should try surfing, i do it all the time.
oh! well that is pretty interesting. what kind of fish do you have?
do you want to get married? i'm planning it.
i can only speak english. do you speak any other languages?
wow that's awesome, what do you do?
i don't know. maybe. i'll think about it.
i'm good, just been working
i am a real estate agent. i have 2 kids. what do you do?
i am a teacher
they do. they are great. what do you do?
well that is true, but i'd like to have clean air.
the part where people eat the food that is left on the roads.
what is your biggest concern?
hello i am katrina. what is your name?
cooking and singing folk music.
i rent my time. i like to make things out of clay.
i read a bit but i am a classical music buff.
i am also a singer. i sing folk music. do you sing?
well it is pretty darn high up.
yes you will. i adopted a cat last week.
hey, how are you doing?
i like to read, i love reading. do you like video games?
i am a fan too, i love books and music
i can relate
i'm originally from california, but i live in florida now.
yes it is very nice. what do you do for a living?
i live in florida and i love the cold
hurricanes? what hurricanes? i am not familiar with that term
it is going great. just came back from riding my bike around the neighborhood. you?
nice. i have a cat and a dog. i love them both.
i am 34, so not that old. i just turned 18 yesterday.
i'm sorry to hear that. are you looking or are you in jail?
do you like to travel? i've 2 dogs and a cat.
i like to think i'm clever, and my dogs like to look at my screen when i'm
i think you can do whatever you want with it.
i am well. how are you?
sounds like a great day. i'm in jail for drug dealing.
awesome. i am a blonde kid with blue eyes.
i work as a cop and own a business. you?
do you like to dance?
sure, why not. what do you want to be when you grow up?
oh man i am from alabama. what about you
i am, and they love it here
hi. doing good, how about yourself?
oh dear. i'm glad you are ok. i'm vegan, so sushi is my thing.
my dogs would love to work out with me.
that is good! i am not vegan but i like to eat sushi.
yes, i am into rap. my favorite is tupac.
salad is my favorite food. sushi is close second
i do like to cook too!
you too. how is your sunday?
good. just came back from working out
i'm from a small town outside of town.
i grew up on a ranch and lived in the country for a long time.
i am very open minded to new experiences. do you have pets?
yes i love music, i like to work out and play video games
i love to cook my own meals. it is my passion
i'm a vegan and i love hummus!!
yeah!!! i was raised on a horse ranch
i am doing well. just enjoying the afternoon. how are you?
i am exhausted as well. i love to go hiking and play outside.
i am doing good. how are you?
i have three. i live in colorado.
i love dogs, but i've never met one.
nice. i was a teacher. i loved the animals
finance and i am looking for a job too
thanks, do you like dogs?
hi, i am doing good and you?
yes, i am in a tiny home. i am trying to figure out a good place to live
that is nice. where are you from?
i stay at home with the kids. my ex cheated and left me.
i don't have many either. but my wife does....
i like to build houses. my wife hates the job.
i've a lot of fun with them. do you have any hobbies?
do you like to travel?
i'm good. i was raised in a large horse ranch.
i'm sure they are! what kind of music do you like?
yeah, we were always on a large horse ranch, horses are great
that's so sweet of you to do that
you are a good person. i love horses.
i am only 9, maybe you are right
oh wow, i am a country girl so i am all about that
i am a big fan of country music
i am good, how are you doing?
i'm 40 years old. do you like to go to park?
i'm a little older than that, i'm 20. i used to be a gym teacher though
yeah, i love tae kwuan do, it is fun to skateboard.
i have never traveled outside of the us.
it is a state.
do you like rollercoasters? i've never been. i've never been far from home.
no. i live in north carolina.
i am doing well. where are you from?
it is what i want to do, but no one wants to be me
you are a doctor? what do you do?
do you have any pets?
what do you do? i'm in the fast food business
yeah but i am a runner not a eater
yep, i love cooking but i am not very good at it.
i work in the food service industry, i am a chef
i like to go to restaurants when i am excited. do you work?
very cool! i like reading, i do some on my off time
i don't have any, but my mom does. she's a doctor.
that's cool. what do you do for fun?
i want to become a veterinarian, maybe teach lessons.
yes it is. i love photography. i also like to read.
i am good. i just got done with my morning workout. you?
my kids like it, i teach them to play too.
lucky! mine has three of them, they all like bluegrass too.
lol! i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you survived.
they are very understanding. i love my kids and my wife.
i sure do, i'm divorced now though, i was a bit too busy.
i'm so sorry. but it is okay.
thanks you very much. i hope your wife and kids are okay.
i'm sorry to hear that. i am very tired from yesterday.
hi there. i'm a thirty something male.
i am sorry to hear that. maybe you should volunteer at the homeless shelter?
i am currently in the military, i serve south korea.
i understand. i was in the military, so i understand.
i like the sound of that. i wish i could go faster!
cool. do you like the military?
i was born in puerto rico. i am from puerto rico.
no. i love shopping and fashion.
i am a big fan of classic cars like volkswagons and bmws
i like to shop too. i want a volkswagen one day.
i am an artist. i love taking pictures of my art.
you'll need a lot of money to become a doctor.
you sound like a very happy person!
i'm going to see my auntie at a school near my house.
i'm going to a wedding in a month and a half. i love weddings
i am okay, i just got done cleaning out my cages at my research facility.
no kids. i use my friends trash for my projects.
do you have any pets?
i do, i've caught many fish with my feet.
i don't think fish would eat your fish. they're so territorial
do you work at a research facility? i do at a museum
i like short people. they are the best. do you like cats?
oh, that is a lot of feet!
i am good, how about you?
i am. i have been married four times.
i had a kid with an i.
i don't remember. maybe someone from the secret service?
that is so sad. my husband and i were married partners four times.
how did he do that?
i'm not sure if it was but my husband does.
you have kids? i'm a single mom and my husband is an electrician.
i'm okay, how are you?
good. just got off work at the supermarket
i am in high school
i want to be a writer, and you?
that's ok, we can talk.
i do. my family has 4 cats...
rock mostly
i like to dance too, it is my passion
i'm good. just got done reading a play
i am in the army and i've 2 cats and a dog.
that is a good way to reduce stress. i like it.
oh. i'm from canada. i've a cat.
i like to read, and play video games.
i like to play with my cats and dogs too.
i love to do it. i also like playing with my pets.
you should get to know your cats and dogs first.
yes, i'm a law student. i have a lot of time for politics.
that's a good job, what do you do for a living?
what do you want to study in school?
i am going to law school after my studies in college
that is so sweet. i've 2 more years until i can go to college
i understand. it can be very draining.
i just want to be a lawyer. i'm a junior in high school.
great, i just got back from work as an actor.
i am an actor. model and sing.
i don't want kids. my boyfriend is an actor.
i am in ny i work in new york.
surfing is fun. i am single though.
singing, acting, and looking at flowers.
i don't think my singing is good, but i still do it. what is your dream?
i am single and i work as a model.
i'm great. just got back from walking my dog. you?
cool. do you have any kids?
yeah, but i want to be an actor.
no, we don't. maybe i will when i have kids.
i am sorry to hear that. maybe you and your partner can fix it.
i have not. i should do that.
yeah, i'm pretty average. i want to become an actress though
you have to have talent to be successful as a model.
hello, just got home from work, enjoying my sunday morning coffee!
i'm from canada. where are you from?
nice. i've a brother that lives there too.
i agree, especially since i've a brother and a father.
yes, i work out too, but mainly to socialize.
yes. do you go to school?
what kind of music do you like?
i live in a small town outside of chicago
hi! how are you doing? my name is larry.
no, but my older sister and i can get together.
pets? how nice. i need to look that up.
i bet, you must have loved going to concerts
wow. i m only 16 but that s still young.
yeah i bet, i also like to party, what about you?
i do as well. it is my favorite.
i am well. how are you?
i am well thank you. and yourself?
it is a great movie. you should give it a watch.
my husband likes it and i like it a lot.
that sounds like a fun job. i like to binge watch movies.
i was just binge watching the lord of the rings, what about you?
oh wow. that's a long time. i only have two days off a year.
that sounds fun. i like to binge watch the lord of the rings.
doing great, i just bought my first house!
no pets, just my kids.
mostly fish and chicken. how about yourself?
i've always wanted a pet. i have a big family so i want lots of pets.
three kids. they are all grown and healthy.
that is a very good hobby.
i have a dog walking business.
yes. i'm very fortunate. we are both very rich.
i am good and yourself?
i love to travel. i've a dog.
i love food, and i love cooking!
i don't eat meat, but i do love to cook it.
what is your disability? i have a pet.
i like to read about different religions and travel. do you travel?
that is a lot of travel. i like to walk.
what do you decorate? i'm making a cake
i am good how are you doing this afternoon
i like pizza. my husband cooks for us.
they like to nibble on the pepperoni
i used to be a quarterback for a college football team
yes. i'm a mother of three kids and my husband cooks for us.
i don't have any hobbies. i am a single mom with kids.
of course. i'd love that! what do you want to be when you grow up?
i like to keep my hair and go as long as possible.
i ate a raw diet and kept my hair so short.
what kind of hat did you buy? i've an old hat that i like to keep to myself
i keep trying to eat a lot of things.
i'm so glad you do. do you have any horses?
that's true! i want to go riding again some day.
do you like sports? i like horses.
hi. i am fine. how are you?
i'm so glad i'm not working. i love shopping.
that is awesome! i love to spend time with my family, my sisters and i.
i'm retired and am close to my sister! she has a vintage car collection.
i don't wear any right now, i am single and i am close with my sister.
i'm going to school so i cannot date yet but i am very close to finishing
red. i have a lot of that.
that is nice. do you have siblings?
hi. i am tired. my dog is sleeping with one eye open.
that would be a good idea. i think i could talk to her about it.
that is good. do you like music? i love it.
that's cool. i don't play any games, i don't like video games.
that's awesome. do you work out?
i've a pit bull. his name is charlie.
i am not sure what you are trying to get at with that.
i'm doing very well. just taking a break from my math homework. you?
nice! do you have any hobbies?
i love hiking in the cold just like my boys
i love winter time the best. do you live with your parents
same here i am single so no kids
ohio. i am single with two boys, i cannot go wrong
do you like hiking?
i'm not sure how old they are but they are very supportive of my career choices
i am good! i love cats and dogs! how about you?
i live on a farm. i teach horses and they love the show
i like the color orange.
do you have a pet?
do you have any pets? i've three cats, two of which i love.
i'm not either. i like to live close to water.
no, but i like dogs and cats. i've 3 of them.
i like red, reminds me of summer time.
i am doing pretty well. where are you from?
i'm good. just finished making some spaghetti with my adopted cat.
yes. i like to make my own food.
i like to make things out of string and yarn.
you must be a chef or something.
yes, she does. what do you do for work?
yes, she taught me how to make clothes from scratch. i love to make my own clothes.
yes she did and i will keep her in my thoughts
hello. i'm a young adult with big dreams.
oh nice. i live in canada and i love country music.
that is exciting, i love to travel.
do you skateboard
i live in canada. i work at a school
it is cold here. i live in canada too, but the weather is much nicer here.
that sounds bad. i am only in my thirties, i am just listening to country music
do you have a smartphone?
hello! i am good how are you?
i like to make quilts, but i am scared of dying.
that is funny. i don't spend a lot of time practicing quilts, but i love to
cool, i don't like my job
i'm a teacher and i love children.
i am a little baby but i will be an adult in no time.
i've a dog, she's so tiny and adorable. she has no name.
hi i am doing well. i just got back from my roommate's homecoming.
i am trying to cut out the sweets. i am a clean eater.
i am not sure if you are serious or not. do you like dogs?
well, you got me there. i am only paying rent on my new apartment with 2 other people
thank you so much. how old are you?
i will graduate college this year so i should be able to work by then
that sounds great. when are you due?
yeah, it sure can. i'm so excited about it.
hi, i'm doing well. just got back from school.
oh, that's nice i live on a ship
nice! i have a son, i'm teaching him i love him to play soccer.
i've a dog. he's a turtle.
that is very interesting. what else is interesting about you?
wow you sound like my friends
i spend most of my time at school. what do you do?
i'm a girl too! i love to explore under the sea!
hi i'm good how are you?
oh that is good, i am single, two boys, and i am a mom of two.
oh. are you planning to go to school for another degree?
i am not into swimming. i am single, and like to hike.
i like parties! i go hiking and camping a lot.
yeah. life is hard.
it is. i am single and don't have any friends
thank you. you are kind.
i've been away for a week or two.
i love europe, i've never been there, i should. travel.
that would be fun! i'm still learning to walk.
what kind of hobbies do you have?
i do. i do love lasagna.
it is a very tasty food, i also like pizza!
no i don't. my mom is a dentist
what kind of animals? i have two cats, a turtle and a puppy.
oh yes. you are going to college too? i'm an animal activist.
i see. do you have any pets?
my boss and i have a dog, she is> & that is nice. my boss and i
i am the boss of my aunt, she works at a shelter.
she's a junior at my school. you married?
she's an animal control volunteer, she is very understanding
i like your style. i am a clean eater.
that is good to know. i hope you find someone that will love you
hello! my name is mike, i am a college student
not really, i am only in high school. do you?
i like classical music. i used to listen to it while i was practicing.
nope. but i am a college graduate, so maybe i girlfriend
my boyfriend and i are going to watch soccer.
how cute!!! that is so sweet of you!!
that is so sweet of you, what is your favorite sport?
do you like soccer? i played soccer in school.
i used to drink, now i don't do it that much.
that's cool. i like to play with my toys too.
wow, you have a lot of family
i am studying to become a nurse now
i have three kids and a wife
i would definitely try and help people. i like to help people.
i used to play a lot of fallout when i was a kid
my favorite video game is starcraft. i play it almost every weekend
congratulations! i am a young adult too.
he is a musician, his real name is luke.
no. i am alone, but i am close to my computer.
hehe. my family has a dog too! his name is trooper
i'm currently in school for computer programming.
no. i am only 16. my family is from canada.
i am not sure i understand. you are not a native english speaker
wow, that's cool. i'm actually a girl but you never know
wow you are smart. i wish i had money to give you gold
i don't have any so no
you should move you are missing out.
well you do you like music? i love music!!
that's nice what do you like to do for fun
i know right? my sisters would be so happy
i would love to! we could meet and sing at a gig
i adopted a cat. i love cats. do you have pets?
what kind of music do you like?
i like to sew my own clothes, but my mom was a nurse.
what do you do for fun
that would be really awesome!
that is awesome. i am going to use that in the song i am writing.
i'm from india, so i'm used to it. i adopted a cat when i was
i'm doing great, how are you?
i live on a small island with my cats
i write a lot of romances
i studied law
i'm an author, i write about everything.
no. i'm allergic to everything.
no i don't like veggies
yes! i love country music.
my dogs. what is your favorite sport?
i do like to watch football, but i don't really do it.
i've three dogs, they're awesome
do you have any hobbies? i love to knit
noodles are yummy! i like eating chocolate ice cream too!
i have three dogs and love them. do you have kids?
i know i know but i do it anyway.
i'm not sure what you mean by that
that sounds like a good idea!
do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. do you have any hobbies?
you should! i adopted a cat last week and he's so sweet!
i volunteer at the local bunny rescue. do you volunteer there?
i am a cat person, so i feel the same way
i like the idea of using the energy of the earths rotation to clean up after myself.
i am a kennel teacher, and my students love horses.
i'm a rural boy, do you have any animals?
yes please do, i volunteer at the local animal shelter in my town
my sister is the same way
do you have a favorite band?
my boss has a cat named simple plan
i love music, i'm just not into music.
i am not a fan of animals either but that doesn't make you boring
i am good, how are you? i love cats and the mountains.
i don't know, he's a big guy. he'd probably get lost in the mail
i've a dog. i like him too
wow! that's pretty impressive. i just like cats and have two of them
i'm with you there brother, i love cats and dogs
i like the mountains, i live close by
i have a dog. she's a mutt.
lucy and kris
rock music
i like rap too. i like the new day too.
i'm a musician myself. i play a lot of instruments.
yeah that's what i meant. i'm working on a guitar as well
i play guitar, piano, and i also like to play basketball.
four. i live with them and i play soccer.
i am in chicago too. do you go to school there?
hey there. do you like pizza?
oh nice, i have two dogs and a cat
sure, i love to party. what kind of party?
i am in my thirties, and they are 10, 14, 17.
i'm old and don't like people. what do you do for a living?
that would be great. i just have one kid.
i am a college student too. but i am a stay at home mom
i like to keep to myself
i am good. just got home from work. and yourself?
oh wow. that must be hard. do you like it there?
yes, it is a hard job. i hope your brother is ok.
that's great. what is your favorite?
i like cooking too, especially sushi. i also like watching cooking shows
it is. but i have to have it.
i've a sister. she is a nurse at the hospital.
i'm not really a social person at all. i like to stay at home and cook.
hello. i'm well, how are you?
i love them, i want to go to italy. do you like it?
i've never met someone who doesn't like cats. they're the best!
oh wow. i wish i had a dog. what kind of dog do you have?
you are right, he is. he's a good dad
i love walking and listening to italian music
i have a dog, a chocolate lab. how far is that?
i heard he did. what is his name
hi. nothing much, just got home from a party.
i am getting ready to go to bed. my parents are home.
we play at a bar in town, you should come see us.
cool. do you have a band?
i am from ny, what about you?
you must be very fit. i'm always on the road so i'd love to hiking.
i like to grill but not at the same time.
no, i don't play sports. do you?
hi, i am a girl too. how are you today?
i am in the insurance business. what do you do for work?
no, i don't. but my husband and i are going to a comedy club tonight.
i love italian movies, like the exorcism.
i'm a junior in high school. how about you?
no. i work in a maternity ward.
i don't. i've a great big sister though!
no they're not, i just work in a nursing home.
i am doing great. what are you doing?
i am sorry to hear that. i am single too.
yeah it can. i just finished school so i'm already working full time.
i am a nurse, what do you do?
nice. do you have any hobbies?
yes, classical music, and some rap.
i like to shop for clothes. how about you?
i love music. i also like to workout.
i am bob
i am doing well thank you. i am ryan.
i am in my thirties. what do you do?
yes. i have two more years. i just finished law school.
that is exciting! i'm sure you will make it big!
i don't have any. do you have any siblings?
not really my thing, i am a law student.
no. i am not a fan of animals.
good, my cat just got married.
i am from colorado what about yourself
that's interesting. i've a cat named brent
i like to read. i like to read about the history of the united states.
that's cool i have a cat named calico
yes, i'm, i've been playing a lot of board games
what kind of psychic powers do you have?
that is interesting. do you know the powers of god?
hi. i'm from new york city. what about you?
i love new york. i work as a model and hope to make it big some day.
i love to go skiing, i have not tried that.
i have two older brothers, i am not sure what they are like though
i do. i am single though. i work as a model.
they're amazing, i'm sure you will like them.
i love country music, but i am a model and i want to be famous.
i am fine. how are you?
i am a teacher. i'm so sorry
yes, i do. it is a good way to keep weight
i love the ocean, especially since i live in a large city
i love taylor swift, she's my favorite! do you like her?
yeah, i like it too, but i prefer to work in the supermarket.
i like her but my favorite is taylor swift
i have two horses, a black lab and a tanning bed.
good. just singing in my big city. you?
no. i have two horses.
i see. well, my spare time is mostly paint and walking.
i am not sure how much it would cost to paint in my new large city.
i have two horses, taylor swift and nina. what kind of music do you like?
no. i don't like animals.
that's nice. do they have a museum where you live?
that is really neat. i like taylor swift.
hi, i am well. how is your day?
britney spears is my favorite. she sounds so fake!
i am going to get my first full time job, in the uk, at a school.
it is. it is a nice place to shop.
wow! how many kids do you have?
i am sorry for your loss, i am sorry about your ex husband
i love dogs! i don't think i'd get along with a nurse
my sister used to dye my hair.
hi! i'm doing great. i just made some food for my family.
what kind of movie do you like?
i'm into hard stuff myself.
not at all, we had a good time.
i do, i also design them, do you have any hobbies?
i've been trying different genres of fiction.
ok. do you have any pets?
i am well. enjoying my coffee.
no kids, just an administrative assistant
hehe he. i'm retired now, i do all of the administration.
yes! i am looking forward to retiring in 5 years, so i can enjoy my vintage cars!
i am not much of a dancer. i am more of a administrative assistant.
no i just love oldies and love music. you like oldies?
yes we are. we are planning on getting married soon.
yes. my wife and i are getting married in five years.
i'm doing pretty well, thanks. how are you?
i am doing well. thank you for asking. i am just learning to read and write.
yup, i do! what about you?
no pets. i'm only 12. i don't have much time.
i have two dogs as well. i'm not much of a pet person.
that is quite a haul. how many cats do you have?
i am a fan of tae kwong myself.
i love food. i like to cook for my family.
nothing much. just listening to some jazz.
sounds lovely. what kind of music do you prefer?
that is awesome! what kind of music does your dad like?
just run and read. i love to read, i love to read about old cars.
i work from home, and my kids are great!
sounds fun. you should try jazz music. jazz is my favorite.
nope, i have a family of 4. i love music, and you?
you must be a really great cook. i like to make paella.
what kind of car do you have? i like the look of the rolls royce ghost.
no, i've seen the movie 10 times. time for me!
not quite. i'm studying first time pregnant now.
not at the moment, but i could rent one out
no, but my dad did. he had a golden retriever named ginger
she was slow, i was watching the movie, too. what is your favorite movie?
she was, but she was beautiful. do you volunteer at a shelter?
i'm great, how are you?
howdy doody dandy! how are you?
i've six older siblings and a kid. you have any siblings?
cool. do you like pizza? i like pizza a lot.
my sisters like it, my older sisters like pizza too.
yes, i have a stutter when i am excited.
my older sister used to do that. she's a singer too
do you have any siblings
i am good how are you
no. i'm a nurse. but it does get lonely sometimes.
i work as a nurse, and i hate it. i've been at the same job for years
no. i live in a house. i just bought it.
what kind of music do you like?
well, you can always ask your dad.
i volunteer at the hospital. it is my passion.
that is great. you are making me hungry. i hate eating.
i'm good, how are you? i'm going to see my favorite band
wow that sounds like an interesting job.
you are forced to do that? i am so sorry to hear that.
oh that sounds pretty. i'm going to a music school
that is awesome. i'm going next year
nice, i drive a volkswagen beetle
do you like cars? i've a volkswagen beetle
yes. it is an exciting time
hi! no, my husband and i've been married for 10 years.
that is cool, do you own any animals?
oh, i would love to have a large family.
oh that's a lot of kids. i'm single
he is a cat person. cats are great too.
you are missing out, cats are wonderful
yes he is. he has always wanted a family.
hello, how are you? i am very well.
oh dear god, yes. i am so sorry.
very cool. i am just moving into my new apartment next week
i'm not. i'm hoping to move out west next year.
yeah that would be nice. i can model.
i'm in nyc. i am moving into a new apartment.
that is interesting. i never thought about that. do you get lonely?
great! i'm just renting an apartment. nervous about the dogs.
bacon is the best food ever
i don't. i want to be a chef. do you have any pets?
i'm single, no dogs, but i'd love to have a dog.
how about a cat dog? i have one, he's pretty.
well, i do like cooking so i might be the exception
i love true crime too but i don't read them often
i rent an apartment with my best friend
i'm great. where are you from?
its rainy and windy here.
not really. i mostly read play video games and read fanfic.
i have always wanted to visit cali, what is it like there?
what store? my name is jordan, i'm a vet, what do you work at?
my name is jordan. what is yours?
i love to read, do you?
i love to read books!
i'm good i just came back from work at a hollister store
i don't know, maybe. do you have a favorite color?
yeah it is a stress reliever but i don't think it is worth it
i play bluegrass music
oh i see, you have to be smart to play that
i did, but now i have a tail.
i taught elementary school in the early 80 s.
i just go out to eat and watch the football.
hey, i'm doing good. i just started a new job. how about you?
do you play any instruments
yes! i love country music. what is your favorite food?
no i don't. i'm single and boring.
i'm 24, and you?
i am not a fan of web design. what about you?
i've a cat. i like to party. do you?
yes. do you have any pets?
hi! i am great, how about you?
oh that's no good. i'm a teacher so my stress is through the roof
awesome! do you compete?
i do like to go hiking and play in the spring.
i do a lot of running to help me relax. do you like to run?
i don't have a roller coaster, but i do like to go on the beach.
they're slippery and slippery... and they hurt.
like what?
i am doing great, just got back from work. what about you?
i am a teacher, so i am busy too. what do you teach?
awesome, i just got done working out, what do you do for work
i love her, she was a teacher
i like to go to the gym all the time. my children love it
i love frisbee. i don't have one but my parents were firefighters.
i love sardines. do you have any pets?
i love the band heart because i was a teacher!
hi! i just got back from huffing paint fumes!
i love metal music. what kind of music do you enjoy?
wow! i live in colorado, i've never been there.
oh. i am a bee farmer. i need to learn how to draw.
do you like poetry? i love it.
do you like dogs? my brother and i have a dog each.
i love to read. i try to read atleast 100 a year
i am well how are you doing
i like hiking and reading poetry. how old are your kids
i am still learning so it will probably stay in my head more often
do you like poetry?
no not really. do you like to travel
cool i love nature and love to hike in nature
i like pretty much anything
yes, but i like to read poetry
hello. doing well. i've been real estate since i was 13.
oh okay
how old are they? i'm 34
i am a real estate agent. what do you do?
i've two kids, kindergarteners, they love it here
they are all under 5
no, i work for myself, i have been for a very long time.
sure! i have long hair and it hurts a lot
that would be great. are you a professional athlete?
i love horses so much. i want to be a vet someday.
i'm not sure if that would work. my leg is still healing from operation.
i hope so, but it is good to plan ahead
i'd buy everything, and then sell it for cash
that sounds nice. what do you do for fun?
that's great. what kind of doctor do you practice?
i try to stay in shape, but its not easy with all my medical bills.
i see. i used to be a bodybuilder but now i work in a hospital
what do you like to do for fun?
she is a great teacher. i'm working as a doc now.
yes i love it. do you like to workout?
what is your major in
that's a noble profession.
i've never ridden one, but i'd like to someday.
california. i like my best friend to be a robot
not at the moment, i am home schooled
no, but i am a blue haired teenager who likes to coplay and blow up things!
i like blue. do you have any hobbies?
no. i'm in school and am home schooled.
no, but i've dyed my hair many times before. what is your favorite color?
no i've not. but my best friend is a robot.
no. i would like to see america first.
i don't work, and my kids don't go to school, so i stay home.
i like my bacon raw, how about you?
sounds like a great plan. you need to eat healthy too
that sounds fun. i like hiking
what do you drive? i am a real estate agent
my mom is a nurse and my dad is a construction worker.
i have two kids from college
i am a real estate agent. i have been for over 12 years.
hi i am doing great and you
yeah i am a teacher at an elementary school
cool, i'm a huge believer in personal responsibility.
i drive a ford pickup. what about you?
do you hunt?
what do you do? i work at a church down the street from me
i own a business, i also help my father hunt in his land
i've been playing call of duty lately
i'm a lawyer
well, i don't have a family.
i live in ohio. what about you?
i like to study law. i don't have many hobbies.
travel is good! i've 2 more years until i finish school.
i am also going to college.
i do as well. i'm trying to be successful in my new position as a law student
hello. how are you today?
my husband and i love to watch tv and go to the beach.
that's a nice place. do you have any hobbies?
do you like watching tv or movies? i prefer watching them!
zoos? what are those?
i go to the gym a lot. i love going to the weights.
do you work? i'm single.
thank you. it means a lot to hear that.
i'm doing well, how about you?
what is your favorite color? mine is grey
oh i love my hot rod too. do you have any pets?
i wish my parents were still alive, they were a race car driver
do you like to dance i love to dance
what are you doing right now?
no i am a mixed race girl
oh i bet you don't like chocolate too
my day is going well thank you. how is yours?
i am old, i am a mom of 2. my kids are great.
i'm a single dad and i just had a big family
hiking is fun, but i like to cook my meals out of a can
i do, i am a mother of 3
oh, that is nice, i'm single too, my kids would love it
i drive a big truck
oh man, i'm sorry to hear that.
that is very interesting! i am not into computers or electronics.
i'm sorry! i am color blind and allergic to dogs.
i am sorry. it happens.
no, he is in the military.
just happy. married since i was little.
that's a good hobby. i enjoy singing and being allergic to dogs.
i am doing well. how are you?
i understand, i am going to have to go to school tomorrow.
yes it is, we both need it.
my program is 3 years long, but i eat a lot of granola.
do you like the color grey?
i eat granola with my morning salad, but i also like to eat fresh fruit.
i love the fish. my favorite is the yellowtail.
i have three. my sons love them too.
my father was in the military, he passed away when i was young
i'm looking forward to retirement. i'm thinking of retiring in 5 years.
that sounds like fun! i just started my new job.
nope. just a big fan of oldies music. i am looking forward to retirement.
that is too bad. maybe you can find another spouse soon!
oh, so sorry to hear. how are you doing today?
the man who gave him the poison ivy.
you should. you can get a lot done in five years.
great, just got back from the store
bbq is my favorite. i like to grill it
that's a good job. i am a handyman
i love to go to the beach, especially during the summer.
yes, and i also like watching war documentaries
i like to hunt for shellfish. i am allergic.
do you like sports? i love to watch the nfl
what animals do you have
no, i'm just a blogger. my blog is about rescues.
what are you struggling with?
no, but i live with my sister
my favorite things are my dogs. do you have travel a lot?
egypt? i live in usa. my sister lives there.
what is your favorite food? mine is chocolate cake.
i am a big wedding guy myself. we could meet at the mall.
i'm doing great, how are you?
i'm good just watching tv
not a fan. i am getting married in the spring.
not sure. i never got into sports.
oh, i like sports. do you enjoy sports?
what sport do you like to watch? i like football and ufc.
wow, you must be very busy. i spend all my time watching tv and playing sports!
i'm a college student. what do you do?
great. i just finished a job as a british tailor. you?
i don't know what that is.
yes i do, do you? i've an allergy to them
cool. what is your favorite activity?
i have a cat named tater
24. i don't have any pets.
you are lucky, my wife and i are expecting our first child
i live in california, but i travel to exotic places for my britney spears concerts
good, just walking my dogs. you?
i'm in texas, where abouts are you?
i have been to six countries. i love them.
i teach biology to little kids.
i love teaching. i teach history at a college.
i have a dog walking business. i love walking them!
night. i will be walking. i love to do it.
you should try it. i like to do it as well.
what are you going to college for?
that sounds like fun! i like to eat granola while studying.
no they are in college. i am going to eat them for breakfast.
do you like to cook? i am a chef
probably not. they have strict dress code. i have one son, who is 9.
i like the color orange.
no he doesn't drive. i am going to collect vintage pieces of art.
cool, i love cars. what is your favorite food?
i'm a teacher. i love helping people learn how to play the game.
swimming is nice too. i want to be a teacher so i can learn from you
i'm a teacher in college and i love to teach.
i'm in nyc. i hope to teach high school.
i like to teach, i'm going to be a teacher
do you have any hobbies?
i don't listen to much, do you?
i don't like him much either.
yes, he's awesome. how about you?
that is awesome! i love tupac.
i am sure you do, i also like to read.
it is very fun. i love animals too.
rabbits?! that's not a pet, but a living thing!
i'm not. i am color blind, but that doesn't mean i can't read things.
no, just a blogger.
rap? what kind of rap?
hello! i'm well, how are you?
i love the movie too. what show are you talking about?
wow, very cool. i love to read
what is your favorite music?
awesome. that is a cool job. i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
you don't look very big to me
i love pizza and reading.
do you have any pets?
hi there. i'm a nurse, and you?
that sounds like a good career choice.
i am in my mid thirties, do you know how old i look?
i do. i love rap music! my cats and i help each other out.
not really. i like to ride my bike and do other stuff.
i have to get to work, but i'll be back in an hour!
i've two cats and a dog, what do you have?
i will try to do that, you?
i am good. just got back from a game of chess.
i work in a bookstore in florida
no i don't like to work
what is your job?
i live in florida and work at a book publishing house
oh wow you are a big person
i try. what do you do for work
hello. i am fine. i am model. i sing. i model horses.
that's cool! i am model material right now, and i work as a model.
yes, but it is not like we are starving.
i do. i'm a model, so i make a lot of money.
wow, i am old. what do you do?
no not at all.
nothing really, i work as a model for a clothing company
i am a model, and i model my clothes. i model for a living.
i am great, just got home from class
i am studying to be a lawyer, i am also studying to be a dog
yes, they are. i've a german sheperd
mine is max, he's a mutt.
i am going to be a lawyer, what do you do?
i love the beach. do you surf? i've a dog and a cat.
haha. maybe i will go with you! what kind of dog do you have?
a mini van. you can find them on amazon.
i am well. how are you?
i am in ohio. where abouts are you
my pet name is nirvana what is yours
yeah i do. it is my passion
i don't. i am only 25 and i love kids.
nice, i have a dog too. do you have any pets?
sure! what kind of food do you like
hi. i am doing well. how are you?
cool, my brothers and i are playing fallout
wow, that's impressive. my brother and i like to play soccer together.
wow. you are so lucky.
i have a son who is 9 years old. he likes metallica.
very true. what is your favorite color? mine is yellow.
cats are very independent. i like them a lot
good, just finished my part time gig at burger king.
i am a freelancer so i have free time. do you?
cool i am a huge fan of the lord of the rings series
no, but i love to write them.
i like all kinds. i also like board games.
what are you doing today?
that's a great idea. do you have any hobbies?
i am a huge fan of the lord of the rings
it is going great! i just got done with my homework and am ready to go home
that is good. do you enjoy your work?
cool, do you have any kids
no, i don't think so. i am 34, and i've been working in real estate
i am 34 years old and have two kids at kindergarten.
what are you doing outside of work?
i like my dad, but he s boring, we live in the country now
hi! good. i am just a kid, so maybe that's why i have such a hard
i just started a new job a week ago.
do you have any hobbies?
i have curly hair, how about yours?
i like to quilt and sew my clothes.
no i'm fine, thanks for asking.
not close, i live in canada
do you like fish. my dad served in world war a.
hi, i am doing well. what is your favorite sport?
i like soccer. do you watch sports?
why not? it is a great way to keep fit and keeps your mind busy.
oh that is interesting. what was your major in college?
wow, you must be fit! i am married and my wife is a doctor.
i played football. and you?
no, she retired when i was in high school.
cool. i am engaged to be married
i am doing great, i am trying to find an arctic explorer for food
cool. what do you do for a living
that's great. i do as well.
no, but i'd love to ice fishing. do you have kids?
well i hope your kids are happy, my arctic adventure is about to begin!
it is good for you. i want to go back to teach arctic exploring
oh that is a cool job. what do you do?
that's funny, i was a chemistry teacher
good, watching tv, i read alot too.
i'm a doctor. what about you?
no i had to cook dinner. it was a long day.
that is my favorite food. i'm going to cook it later.
pizza. i like pizza.
wow! that is great. what does he do in your spare time?
i have a pet turtle. he is a german shepherd. do you have pets?
i'm not married, but i'm with my husband.
hello, i'm doing great. just finished my cup of coffee. you?
i am in canada, where are you from?
i love rap, and country music.
i'm not big on music. i work in a computer shop
do you enjoy coloring books?
yes, we have a large family, we live in canada.
yes. my favorite type of entertainment is country music.
i am only 19 but my family is from canada
i'm doing very well. i just started playing video games.
i love reading about different types of people, i am also a musician
i play guitar, and sometimes i play the piano.
i understand. i play a lot of video games, i am a musician as well
i like to read and write poetry.
you can still afford shoes, music is what i do.
what do you do for fun? i like to read, play video games and cook.
my dog plays violin and guitar, what is your favorite food?
hi, i m from new jersey
that sounds like fun. my only leg is a
yes i do. my older leg is still healing though.
i am glad you are single and are enjoying yourself
you should probably get a car
do you own a car
in nyc but i can go to chicago
california for sure. the hills are my favorite.
i enjoy cooking and reading.
that sounds like an awesome job!
my husband and i are also married. we own a nice vintage vintage mustang.
i am single too so there's not much going on.
i am a republican so i am all about that.
well, maybe if you were a little more considerate, i'll be out in a few weeks
we are all on this together.
that sounds great. what kind of car? i love classic cars.
hello. i'm doing well today. how are you?
do you have any hobbies?
what is your favorite color?
i love that. i am always watching the birds with my tarp.
i love rollercoasters too! i love tae kwon do
that's great, i hope you have a great day at school.
nope, but i love rollercoasters, do you?
hi. how are you today?
i like to hunt for my long lost arctic explorers
drive, but i am not a smart person
do you have any hobbies?
what did they do to you
they crave the sweet, sweet taste of coke
green but it depends on the day
i am doing well and yourself?
yes, very much so. i also love to read books about it.
i love to read and walk. i also like to cook. i like to grill sometimes.
that is a great job. i'm a teacher. i love traveling, and learning new things.
no. i just want to travel. i really miss home.
that is great! i love teaching history. i wish i had someone to travel with.
i love to go to europe with my dog and read books about that.
a dog walker. my parents are very wealthy bankers.
hi, i am doing pretty well. how are you?
that is a good test! i love those. do you have any pets?
i am going to a dog walking class on the friday.
i rent an apartment and i like to read too. i am single too.
i like to travel with my pet, she is a lab.
i've a dog. he's a great swimmer. do you have pets?
it does. we also have a barbeque pit.
i don't like to scare people
oh okay. i work at a bookstore so we do sales
that s cool i like the band rush do you sell books
you are very kind. i hope you have a good time!
pizza is my favorite food. i also enjoy listening to the radio
i just started listening to them a couple of months ago
i agree. i love music
what do you listen to
sure thing, whats your cat name?
ok. i am a kindergarten teacher. i am also single and living with two people
no, i just like cats and like to watch the shows with them.
that is ok, i teach kindergarten
do you have any pets?
i'm actually writing a fanfic for a children's book
i'd probably start a war over a cat
i've 2 cats myself. they're great.
good! how about you? i'm getting ready to go to work
just got back from walking my two children and my wife.
wow! i just got a house! i love it here!
i've two kids that are great too
i am married and have two kids, so we eat a lot of food too.
i am a pediatrician. what do you do?
it is good to exercise, especially at night
i am married with two kids and love to read
i am doing good. how are you?
well i am in the army so i go out fighting all the time
it is. i'm still in high school. i want to become a lawyer.
do you have a pet?
what kind of music do you play? i play a lot of old school rap.
we are a punk band, and i like the sound of that.
running is good, i try to avoid it though as i am a violent man.
i'm a clean eater. i eat healthy.
i am good. just working with my husband to make some chicken salad.
oh i love that show, i am so sad i'm not pregnant
yep, i know, i love pizza, it is my favorite food
i love to cook but i am not a good at it
it is a great way to pass the time! i am a great cook and love cooking
i don't have any other hobbies
that is very sad. are you ok
yeah it is, i hope one day they can get married
hello. my boyfriend and i just came back from a visit in nam.
i have seen the movie twenty times. do you have a pet
what is your dog breed?
i have seen the movie ten times. it is an experience.
no, just model cars. do you?
sorry to hear. i was adopted at a young age.
yes. i will be sure to.
good. i work and deliver babies. what do you do?
i'm only 35. it is still young.
well i don't want kids. i just like to be alone
you sound very healthy
i have two dogs, do you have pets?
i have a lot of time on weekends and am lonely too
i am single too but my wife is supportive
no i don't like traveling, i am single so no one to travel with
i like to work out. and i'm a vegan
that's great. what do you do for fun
that is so sad. how will you afford all your food?
that's sad. do you have any animals?
that sounds like a fun place, i love sushi, it is my favorite food, i don't
i like beans. my dad makes some for me
i'm a gym teacher
hi! how are you doing today?
what do you do for a living?
i used to be a cop. i was forced to go to school to be a teacher.
i was homeschooled, so i was forced to learn to be a cop.
i just started a new position in the industry. what kind of work do you do?
that is cool! what is your favorite color?
i am a blonde girl, and i like to cosplay as spiderman.
i don't care for that at all.
hello, do you like movies? i also write some stories.
what kind of dog do you have? i'm working on a children's book
i love to watch movies as well. i love the genre.
cool. i work in a bank so i write a lot of fiction.
that sounds interesting. do you have a job?
i'm not sure. maybe a children's book.
i hope you do. my dog is called detective.
good just got home from a performance in my singing studio
that's great, i wish i could travel to europe like you
i'm single and don't have kids
it is hard to sing when you are pregnant. i sing the national anthem.
my dream in life is to work from home
why? what happened?
wow your dad is a hero
i like to sing
yes they are and i'm studying to be a teacher
i am sorry to hear that. i'm glad you are safe
interesting. i go to college to become an education teacher.
that's nice. do you own any pets?
my friends and i go to the gym together. it is great.
just stay active and you'll be good!
i like to workout too. i do it while i cook my meals.
that's cool i am going to be a teacher
i am cooking a sammich!
well i am glad you are relaxing
i like cooking too, but i also like reading
you can borrow mine, i've plenty!
oh okay, well that's good then
i am single so i am fine with that
yes, he is. i love him to death.
that would be amazing! i am single too, so we can meet!
good. how are you tonight?
i eat alot of veggies and fruit but mostly chicken and rice
i am in the third grade
i don't eat it. i've 2 kids and a dog
yes i love the movies as well. what kind of music do you like?
yes i love being outdoors
my husband is in the army and we are moving for our first child
i am well. i am a michigan fan and metallica is my favorite.
i like to skateboard.
i'm a student, i am just managing my time between assignments.
i love metallica. i wish i had a brother
i am in school as well, i'm a student teaching in a high school.
i do have pets, do you?
that is so cool. i wish i could have pets!
i love decorating my room. it is my favorite place to relax
i'm bob
i like to sing and play video games.
that's cool. do you play any instruments?
wow, i'm glad you are doing good. i am colorblind so i much.
purple. i love purple. what is your favorite color?
blue! what a nice color!
i'm 34 years old. i am currently in the army.
i did. now i am in the army.
hello i am good and you?
you have time, celebrate with me, i am a musician and play video games!
chemistry! what else are you studying?
i bet. what did you major in?
no i just like to read, do you like that?
i bet! my favorite book is the hunger games.
a boy. it is a great name for a puppy.
thank you so much. i am a vet now, so hopefully more people will understand my plight
hi, how are you doing today?
that sounds fun! i love the internet!
i love to play with my dogs!
i am 34 and i have two kids.
i'm in new york city. i have been exploring since i was eight.
i'm not sure if you know this, but i'm also an artist. i make music for
i have a big family, so we go out to eat a lot.
i like the beach. i am going to play with my friends tonight.
hi! i'm well and you?
i like to hike and camp
i like hiking, my favorite is the red rock
i am single and have a huge stereo in my truck
that sounds nice. i eat meat
my parents are very wealthy bankers. they own part of the food bank i work at.
i do too. i love to go hiking and camp in the spring.
thank you so much. i love to write.
i am depressed
no. i do write them.
i've a lot of catnip, i love snuggling with my two cats.
that is awesome. i like baking cookies too.
i'm an author, blogger, blogger and blogger.
three, i love them all
the first book is up, the rest will be released over the next few weeks.
doing well. thanks. just came back from volunteering at a local zoo.
i've a large collection of teddy bears. how many do you have?
i have a lot of old war stuff, like a star wars helmet and a trooper hat.
that is awesome! i like to eat the teddy bears and collect them.
that is funny, because i also eat a lot of teddy bears and collect them.
i do enjoy the color green. what is your favorite food?
i agree, but i'd rather be at a zoo.
good, how are you?
nice, what do you do for a living?
i'm a handyman so we hunt in the morning to stay busy. what do you hunt?
i have five foot long arms and a small brain.
not a fan of it. it takes too much work and takes away from my real work.
i love it. i work with a company that rent properties to homeowners
i love movies. i also like to go out and hunt.
i love spiderman
i'm doing well, and you?
thank you. i am sure they were lovely people
yes. it is. my degree in chemistry required me to be a pro.
i am afraid of spiders and snakes.
that's awesome. i'm married, and i'm an engineer, too.
retirement? that is exciting. i'm hoping to get a job at a bank.
yes, it is. do you have any kids?
hello! i am going to a concert in my volkswagen.
sure i am going next year.
i want to see the buggies. what is your favorite sport?
sure! but i'm not allowed to shave or dye it.
i love dogs they're so fluffy and snuggly.
do you like to travel?
i'm not big on pizza
i love pizza too. do you have any pet
i am doing great, how are you?
that sounds like fun. i want children one day, but not right now.
that is cool. i don't like to be skinny.
i love them! my boyfriend and i went to school together.
i would rather be making music in my spare time and being a fashion designer.
it is ok. it was the best friend and he did not even know.
wow! vegan high five! i wish i was vegan when
for a date.
no pets, but i do enjoy watching classic cars
i love classic cars like nissan
i have a turtle named shelly. he is a big ol baby.
i have never had a house in my life, but it sounds like you would like one.
that is nice. what is the company?
what kind of animal do you want
that's cool. i'm allergic to a lot of stuff
i love to hunt, i am allergic to them
hello. i am doing great. i'm just listening to some music. how are you?
i have two dogs. i love them so much.
no i don't
wow. i am in my thirties.
what do you like to do for fun
so am i, but my dog and cat both like the rain. do you like animals?
that's too many cats for me. i have two dogs and a puppy
i've a pet, and a family of pets
i am doing well, just got home from school. how about you?
i teach chemistry, i love to explore the earth.
i'm retired, so i am spending my time hunting for
i am searching for people who were in the area during the ice age.
i don't. i am an ice fisherman. i love the
i love food, do you? i like to eat food whenever i
no i haven't. my family has frozen tofu though.
not really. i like to explore new parts of the arctic.
i'm not married, i'm single, and i have 6 kids.
i was on the soccer team in college, how old are you?
dogs? how interesting. i have a cat named kitty.
my dog lucy. i named my cat lucy too.
i don't know how, but maybe i can make her happy.
no. i'm from a small town outside d. c..
oh dear! do you like candy? i love it. i also like to eat candy.
i just started singing in a choir. it is very fun.
i live in the middle of no where. i like to travel.
that's very kind of you.
i do. cats are cool.
i don't read. i just volunteer in the after school program.
it is. i have a plan for the week to get me through.
i'm in the choir, i love to sing, do!
i don't like to cook. i do like to play softball though.
oh wow. how old are you?
i'd love to see the big apple. i live there now, but was born in manhattan
i'm not much of a travel guy. i love rollercoasters and bars.
cool! i'm looking forward to retiring soon.
yes i love it, i am looking forward to retiring in five years.
what kind of health foods do you enjoy?
i am a musician. i try new music.
i love new york. i am retiring in five years.
i teach bio at a college. i've traveled to 6 countries.
i teach biology at a school.
no. i am not allowed to own a home
no peas. i've a large garden. i also have a dog.
yes i do. they're all rescues
no, just been walking my dog.
yes. i do! but i also like to walk.
i'm the author of the journals that i keep. i am also a teacher in geology.
yes. it has been a long time coming.
i see it from my house in florida. i love the cold weather!
that sounds very spiritual. i hope you have a fulfilling life.
do you like to play board games?
that is very interesting. do you have any hobbies?
cool! i hope that i will return to teaching.
i think most atheists are.
hello, i am in the us and i have been to six different countries
wow that's great what do you do for fun
that is good. i like to go to europe.
i teach bio at a college
i like to travel and walk my garden
what kind of things do you like to do?
i agree. i love to do it. i love nature
well what do you like to do
i am a student, i dropped out of high school and am in a cheaper area now.
i am, but i don't care. i have a big library at home.
that is nice i like to run.
no. i just like to run and eat healthy.
i just dropped out of high school. i am a stay at home dad.
yes! my parents don't allow me to listen to music at the moment.
no kids. i don't want any. i'm a vegan and i love animals.
i'm good, just got back from a walk with my dog
i am. i also sing, i am a singer.
south carolina. i graduated from yale in 2011 with a degree in finance.
i have been here for a year.
it is good to be a rebel. i went to school to be a teacher
no, i am not. i am a professional singer.
you will be better. don't give up
i'm okay. how about you?
i am unhappy with my weight and i want to get better.
yes i do. i am a pro bodybuilder. do you like it?
we eat cat in our country. we have three kids.
i'm sure they are. what type of animals do you have?
i'm only 5'10
i don't have a job. i work at home with the cats.
we ship to canada, it is expensive here
great. i am just outside puerto rico.
i want to become a physical therapist.
yeah, i like working out to stay in shape.
that's awesome. i'm in the army too. i love it
that is nice what army did you served with
what kind of things do you enjoy doing?
yeah, it really does
sorry to hear that. i am a male.
i am fine. no i don't.
that is cool. do you have a?
i understand, i work in a pet store, it is very stressful.
yes, they're great. i used to be a cleaner too.
they sound amazing! what do they do for work?
i work at a pet store.
no. i like the ocean. do you?
it is a documentary about a man and his family.
hello! just got back from walking my two children.
well, you do have lovely feet!
i have 2 children at home.
that is interesting. do you have travel?
i like to hike in hikes are my favorite. i live in a huge country.
not really, i just stay busy.
yep. it is a great business opportunity.
hello! i love model cars like yours.
at the museum in florida. what about you
no, but i am hoping to when i get out of school
no, but you can volunteer!
how much to transplant?
no she adopted him when he was young from a shelter
i am sure she did... but she had to get rid of her.
i m single too, but i write books
i love to shop too, i also write them
cool. what kind of nursing do you do?
i understand that, i am an author, too
i am not really into fashion, but maybe i'll shop for you
single. i like to cook for myself, i don t have many friends
well, that is good, i m sure you don't mind being alone.
hello jo, i am charlie and i work for a bank
my parents are rich bankers, so i sing songs from their books.
no, i live in canada, i work for a local supermarket.
i like dogs and i like stocks. what is your fave food?
they do! do you like dogs?
that sounds like fun. i sing in the barn sometimes.
my parents have raised me to be a farmer. i love that!
hi, i am great, how are you?
that's rough. i wish i had a husband.
do you cook at home? i like to cook for my cats and dogs.
do you have any hobbies?
nope, i don't. i have a dog named trooper though.
we were poor growing up. i had to stay home to cook.
short stories. yes. i like them a lot.
good just got back from a haircut
not really i am a hair stylist and i love it
that sounds pretty cool. what do you do for fun?
i love football and watching football on sundays
i really love the light grey color that comes with mine
it is, we live in italy, we are so diverse
i'm karen. i love dogs and cheeseburgers
my name is lucy, how are you doing today
i am fine, i work in a supermarket
my horses. they're my favorite thing to eat
that's awesome! i do a lot of gardening as well.
i love to work in my spare time too! i work at a convenience store.
what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
no i don't like scotch. i prefer red wine.
i like anything but action movies.
i like horror movies and she likes horror movies too.
i am great, thank you. what do you do for a living?
i'm just listening to my favorite band. heart. what about you?
well i hope you find love one day
yes. i'm a little girl. what is your favorite color?
i'm not saying i don't like the band but i cannot stand the music
well i love them too! we have 3 girls and 3 boys
oh i see. i've 5 kids, so they wouldn't like it either.
oh wow that's really cool, thanks for the offer!
that sounds very nice. i hope you have a great trip.
i went to school in new york.
i am not a cat person. dogs are much cuter!
i like to read as well, it makes me think.
i write for mostly male focused magazines.
that is fine. you should come and visit us.
no, but i have traveled. i've been all over the.
i'm well. where are you from?
i love him too. i also have a daughter. she's a geezer.
i work for my father in a farm. what do you do?
that sounds very interesting.
i've three children and a husband.
i'm sure you are great. do you have any hobbies?
that is great. i am sorry to hear that.
three years. she cheated me though and left me with my children.
hi, i am a teacher in kindergarten. do you have any hobbies?
yes i sing, i also workout a lot.
no. i like to swim and do gymnastics.
i read it. i love it. i love sports. what kind of music do you like?
i'm a teacher, and i love it! i also love cars!
yes. it is great to have in your classroom.
yes. i am a teacher. it is a passion of mine.
no, i have a big family
sure! do you have any pets?
i am from italy. do you like pizza? i love pizza.
do you have pets
i'm 26. i'm going to college to become a nurse
no. i like to eat healthy.
what about your dog? what is it?
i'm well. how are you?
i've a spare key that i use for fast travel
oh ok i'm in the military and i'm still in high school
my only leg is my right, and it is super fast
it was pretty boring. they were all pretty smart and i got to keep my leg
yes. i'm old. i can move things with my mind.
yes i'm still in the military. how old are you?
oh ok well i'm glad you understand i bet you are a great person
i am well, how are you?
it is a good way to unwind. do you work?
what is your favorite food? mine is papaya.
horror, but i don't like it. my older sister loves it.
i like pizza, do you have siblings?
do you like pizza
oh wow! i don't like my job
do you work? i work at a restaurant as a waitress, it is really fun
hi! i am a vegan who loves bacon and watches nascar racing.
that is wonderful. i wish i could have been more involved in my studies
no. i am an engineer and i am not allowed pets.
what kind of animals do you have?
do you like to read? i like to read too!
what did you major in
i am an engineer, but i also enjoy eating bacon and making money.
yeah you are right. i guess it is good to have goals
hey! not bad, just listening to some music.
that's great! i love getting my nails done
yeah i'm into sports
that is so cool, do you have kids?
you should try to go kayaking
that is cool. i love to camp and take my stereo with me
i have no idea she just retired and i love her
she likes to drive it. she works for a local auto parts store.
i am teaching biology at a college.
i teach chemistry, but i also teach biology. do you like to travel?
that sounds nice. i teach biology at a college.
very cool. my husband and i travel a lot as well. i teach biology at a college.
i've a dog. he's a mutt.
that's ok. do you have a family.
no, that's why i am teaching biology at a college.
sure, i could help teach you some.
good, you? i am gardening and i love the color purple
my parents are wealthy bankers, so i'm not complaining
it is refreshing, but the water is very salty.
my dad has a purple and silver bucs helmet. what do you have?
nice. i went to the university of ohio.
i believe in myself and i have the ability to make difference
i don't think i could live without it
i love pizza, so i don't eat much.
hi, i'm from florida. how are you? i'm fine.
i have heard that it is hard to find a good job in tex
that sounds like a lot of fun.
that is cool. i don't have any friends.
i like it. i play a lot of it in my free time.
it is very dated, but i still like it.
i'm glad you say that because it sounds really off putting.
yeah it seems to have gotten worse.
hi. i love rap music. i play sports.
just playing video games. i am going to college for education.
i like rap a lot. i listen to it alot too. what do you do in college?
i like to workout a lot and play sports. what do you do in college?
i am in college studying education. do you like to play sports?
horses are cool, i have a white steed that i love.
i am a music major in college, do you like rap music?
no. i am still in college. studying education.
hello. i am great. how about you?
wow you are far away then i am, i'm in canada.
i don't believe in god, i prefer being a administrative assistant
i am so sorry. i am glad you are safe.
i don't play softball because i'm scared of getting hit
i love oldies, especially the soundtrack to the olympics.
i like to eat old school hip hop. i also like old school hip hop.
do you play any sports?
good. i just got home from work. how about you?
i am a freelancer. what do you do?
it can be hard at first but i like it. do you like movies?
i like to cook and drink.
i love italian food! i've a huge garden and i love growing vegetables.
i like anything with a good action plot
no, i am not into animals much.
i have never seen it. is it a childrens show?
good just taking a break from studying my german shepherd dog
nope, he's a big ed sheeran fan
i wish i could help you out there, i am aured myself from a motorcycle accident
that is so sweet of you.
it is definitely an interesting game.
i teach at a school. i need to make some money,
i would love to try some honey bunnies.
ok, i'm jeremy i'm glad to hear that you are well.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm mixed race and i live on a mixed race island.
that sounds like fun i am not very talented
dancing is fun, but i prefer being with my dog and sister.
oh nice. i live in colorado. i love to dance.
i don't mind. what is your favorite food? mine is pizza.
i am mixed. my father passed away when i was young.
yes i pulled my tag. it was a very nice day
i'm going to go see my favorite rock band.
sure. what would you like to know?
we could definitely!
no i don't. i am a clean eater, and i love it.
not really, working as a consultant for a music company.
do you like music?
no one i've ever met has met me.
i'm from a small town outside of memphis, tn.
that's cool. i work on farms so i don't travel much.
well i grew up on a farm so i've seen a lot.
oh. well, 7 kids. i am a farmer. what kind?
i love mystery solving and reading. and you?.
i am. i have 7 children. what do you have?
do you have any hobbies? i love mystery.
i'm from a small town, outside of cleveland. i just want to have fun with my
i am good and how are you?
i play music. you?
what type of technology?
that is nice. what is your job?
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i love music and playing music in the background while we party
i never finished highschool. i was always too busy jamming to music
they sure are! i'm going to be a teacher in a few months.
i am great, how are you?
i love to play basketball. i try to get active in my spare time.
oh cool i love the history of the united states. do you know anything else about you
what did you do before?
i enjoy playing the violin and the guitar
oh wow, i love wasabi too
yes, it is but i love it, especially with rice.
i think so. i love to go to the buffet in town.
i'm a single mom with two kids. how about you?
do you enjoy music? i love music. i love music and my 2 kids.
the who!!!! i love the who!!!!! what is your favorite food
me too! i hike with my boys, i like to ride them too!
i usually just listen to music while i run
what kind of music does your dog like to play?
well, you could run from the park. do you travel a lot?
sounds like my kind of place.
i'm good. i just started writing a short story.
i love scotch, i also like a nice glass of neat neat
i have never heard of nurse outfits.
i've a weakness for redheads. do you have any?
i've a sister?! my mom passed away when i was young.
no she's with my best friend and we live together
she has a black lab and a golden retriever
that's funny, my dogs are terrified of scorpions
i am doing great. my mom is a doctor.
that must have been very scary.
i am sorry to hear that. my father was in the army.
color blindness is real. i had to get a new job.
yes i do, but i am afraid of dogs, they're scary.
it is tough. but i do love to make space programs.
i love cats and have two of them. i like to play with my dolls.
do you like cooking? i do a lot of cooking.
hi. how are you doing? i like to go hiking.
that's cool! do you have any hobbies?
do you like animals? i love cats and dogs.
that is cool. i like the stickers they give you when you win a game of monopoly.
well, i do love the outdoors, so i love any animals.
that sounds like a lot of work. i love food!
i watch it with my cat and my dogs.
i love cooking shows! i try different ones every week.
good, just got done watching tv
that s ok. i m still in high school.
ok that makes sense. thanks for clearing that up
i like sports but i am a college graduate
what type of law?
i m sorry about that
oh ok that s good i am engaged and married
well at least you can enjoy sports with your friends
i'm doing good, how are you?
i'm in school and just got back from surgery. i'm so glad i went.
yes! i am a musician, i love music.
my mom used to tell me to get on a strict diet
my parents would never approve. they are all overweight and unhappy
i hope they do. i have 5 siblings.
i've 4 siblings. i'm 5'10, and they're all male.
yeah, it sure is. i love meat.
i'm well, and you?
awesome. i love to play board games.
they're in alabama. we went to a furry convention here in alabama.
i like the big cities! i live in the country now but i love the city.
i work on a second life called second life where i play with animals
that's a great job. do you have pets?
that is awesome! do you have pets?
well that's nice. what kind of animals do you have?
i like all kinds of music. what about you?
i am. i am a blogger and i do live streams of my dogs.
that is sad, my little sister is adopted
i am sorry i am a red head so red heads are my weakness.
well i don't like to be people, i like to live with my little sister
do you own any?
that is funny. my sister named her rabbit taylor swift
my little sister is a blogger and we love her
my family is so diverse and diverse, it is scary to see how diverse they are.
nice to meet you too. i'm single with 2 boys.
i love hiking! i am single and a mom of two boys.
oh! i like kids, especially little ones.
my boyfriend and i hike together and his parents will not let him go.
i am single so no kids. i am just a mom 2.
no i don't. just my 2 boys.
we have a garden, i love my animals.
yes, i'm a mom, but i am also a father. and a gardener. and
i am good how about you?
i am a teacher at a local elementary school
so you are the one that i'm thinking about.
do you think trump is a bad person
yeah, i'm a teacher too and i love kids
i teach 6th graders and i'm almost 6'3
i work as a kindergarten teacher
i try to stay away from food. i eat only organic.
wow! congratulations! my son loves dogs, he's four.
that is amazing! i love those movies. what do you do?
cool, i love to model my cars.
i like cars. what kind?
i love that movie, i own it on vhs.
yeah me too! i want to see a real life car
i think the ginger snaps in two
my husband caught it and threw it out!
i'm good, how are you?
i've two dogs, a pitbull and a chihuahua
i work as an attorney and deal with clients.
i do, but i am afraid of heights.
i am an attorney, and my family and i live here.
i live in oklahoma. i've never been to a church.
did you eat the cat?
i am doing well, how are you?
i work nights and my husband works nights and i'm unhappy.
i'm unhappy with my life and weight. i am so fat.
i'd love to cook some time. i'd love to try that out.
do you have any pets? i've 3 cats
i am a great chef i can make everything!
i sing too, but i'm not very good. i wish i was.
no, but i am sure it would make you happy
good, how about you?
i am divorced and have two kids.
i'm divorced and have two kids.
how cool! what do you study?
i will probably go to the gym more. what are you going to do?
i don't know what, but i will get. what do you want to do?
what do you do?
wow that's cool, do you have a collection
i am good. i am working at mcdonalds right now.
i'm a custodian to help pay for school
thank you. i'm a huge fan of strix. he's my favorite artist.
i like to, it is an art. i work at mcdonalds now. what do you
i have been trying all over. do you like it?
you have any hobbies?
wow! that is a lot of hard work
i am doing well thank you. just came back from a visit in the hospital.
that sounds like a lot of fun! i am going to knit a hat for a baby
do you like to travel? i am unable to work because of a disability
i knit hats for disabled people in the hospital.
do you knit? i don't. i just knit hats.
i love to knit! i also knit baby hats for babies
that is exciting. i am unable to work at a job due to a disability.
i don't know. it is a hobby of mine.
i'm great, how about you?
i wish i could have that kind of money.
i've never tried it. what do you do to stay warm?
you must not be married
i've never heard of that. is there a story
what type of pills do you take? i have to keep my mouth to a nag free lifestyle
i understand. you should try to find one that is.
yes i do have a full mohawk
i am good. i just got back from work.
that is awesome! i am not sure if that makes me a bad person or good.
i am allergic to fish.
i'm from ny. where are you from?
yes. and i am allergic to fish. do you like fish?
yes, it is a good profession.
i love to go out and explore and hunt.
i'm allergic, and i'm not allowed to eat shellfish.
it is a good way to relax.
i eat anything that is healthy, and i love it.
do you like cats? my parents taught me how to pet them.
well, i love dogs and cats and dogs and cats.
nice. i have a cat and 3 dogs.
my cats would love that. i love playing with my birds.
well that's cool. i have three dogs and two cats.
i am well, how are you?
that's great! i'm old and get tired easily.
i love mpg. i wish i could have that kind of energy.
well it is a skateboard so i don't know.
i can, but it is hard. my one leg is so tired from riding everywhere.
i was in the military, so i lost a leg.
yes. it is very unusual.
they were my classmates. what are you doing today?
great just finished my morning coffee. what about you?
i just got back from canada. i'm just listening to country music while working.
it is a great place to visit if you are in the area.
it is! i'm just trying to figure out where to take my dog
i am a programmer for a web site. what do you do?
what do you do for work?
i work in web development, i'm a part of the canadian rock music industry
i'm doing great! just finished a play through of uncharted.
i am very excited about the future of my life.
no i don't have any siblings
oh nice! my cat would love that.
oh that is cool. i have two dogs and two cats.
i work at a pet store.
wow! that is exciting! i love food!
well i do like to play chess with my cats and dog
hello. i'm retired, so i don't see much of the outside.
i am retired and living the great life.
it is about to rain here.
i'm in florida. i've been retired for a few years now.
i'm retired so i don't go anywhere.
i like to eat chocolate ice cream while watching the olympics.
i love cold, and i like to sew, its fun.
hello. i'm doing well, thanks. i'm just listening to rap music.
i like to dance. my brother does too.
yeah, and i'm vegan
i love rap, my father also has a big stereo
i love sushi, my favorite
i like the color orange
yes i love hiking and camping! do you have any pets?
well, i do drive my volkswagen, it is my favorite car.
i love dogs. i train them to sing too. do you have any pets?
i do, my dog is a bumble bee, do you have any pets?
what do you mean in this case?
that's sad, but good for you. i hope to be a doctor one day.
i want to be a lawyer.
yes, i am sure you will.
yeah, but i would like to be a physical therapist.
i grew up in ohio.
what is your favorite food to eat?
that is a good way to look at it. i have been traveling the world for years.
cool... i have a cat. what is his name?
wow, i've never heard of that before.
no, they're completely different animals.
i am a teacher, how about yourself?
computer science. do you work?
hi, i am doing well. i am hunting for the last of my parents.
i love to cook and eat ice cream while watching nhl hockey
sports are fun! i like to explore the arctic and hunt for frozen animals
do you have any hobbies besides geology?
i'm a teacher of arctic explorers as well
it was okay. i found a lot of my old classmates on the street.
it is very cold. i am an arctic recluse so it is very real.
i agree! do you like ice fishing?
no i am in college right now
that sounds exciting. i wish i was still in kindergarten. i wish i still had my grades
i had a burger, fries, and ice cream. i love ice cream.
i am a big sweets fan. i love the vanilla flavor!
do you like sports? i love soccer, i play for my local soccer team.
i am glad to hear that, i hope your dreams come true
i am glad you are ok, you sound like a fun guy
wow! i wish i had that kind of money
hey there! i'm a dog person, but i like cats more.
i don't like crowds, i live alone and have never been to a concert
yes, but i don't have any money to go with it
i hope so too. i've no friends, so i need to travel.
well, that is your prerogative.
i like pizza a lot and that's all i eat.
i've a cat too, he's pretty cool.
yep. i eat italian food too, i am an omnivore
i'm okay. how are you?
yes i do. my friends and i are cleaning out cages at a research facility
i understand that, i am only five feet so i am a lot of work for my hands
i have never been to a remote area before, i am 5 feet tall
it is a mix of both, but i love to travel and explore
do you have any pets?
very true. i like to garden too, and i am so happy i do.
i agree. i love to listen to nature music while cleaning out my cages at the research facility.
i'm good, how are you?
i am an arctic explorer. i hunt for food
i do, i'm a teacher and i enjoy teaching.
hunt for arctic explorers, i love them, i like to look for
i'd love to see an arctic fishing tournament.
i watch them on tv but i like to ice skate on the weekends.
what kind of shows do you like to watch?
sometimes but i'm not a fan of it
i've been playing video games all day.
i don't, i am just a college student! what do you do?
that is a great game. i like board games too.
i'm not much of a reader, but i've a pet cat named arizona
he will need a lot of investment advice since he is getting married soon.
thank you very much. i really like to read biographies.
that's awesome. congratulations on your retirement. i hope it is as fulfilling as yours was.
good. i'm just browsing the internet. what about you?
i am doing well, how are you?
cool, i love animals. my parents are always complaining about the cold outside, you
i'm going to try that, but i want to meet new people.
i am a party animal, i love b, the season is so short
i am 26, you?
i am 24, do you have any hobbies?
doing well. just finished a run.
nothing. i just got back from my blog.
yes, i am a big reader. i read about 100 books a year.
i like bodybuilding but i am color blind and have to read a lot.
i love to play board games with my little sister
i do believe they exist and that is what i want to achieve
i think that they do. maybe the secret is out
i'm sorry. i'm color blind and it can be hard to see things
good, i just moved here from somalia.
i am 34, so it is good to stay in shape.
i know. i used to be a teacher.
oh wow, that is a lot of kids.
i am 34. and i enjoy drinking it.
i do like a glass of wine at night
well thank you, but i don't drink any.
it is just the alcohol poisoning.
hello. i am from the usa. i am a graduate student
i'm 25. what about you?
i grew up in pennsylvania, and then moved south for work. i miss the mountains.
gymnastics. i also like to watch nascar racing.
soccer is my favorite. i'm married.
that is good. what do you like to do for fun?
i don't eat much meat because i am a vegetarian.
pizza with vanilla ice cream.
i am from a small town. i just moved to a big city.
i work in fast food, and i am from a low income area
that is a lot! my apartment has a treadmill. i run there.
no. i dropped out of highschool and live in an apartment now.
i love horses, and i've a big family. horses are very special to me.
bk is okay but i don't like animals. do you work?
you need to eat more than once.
it is. i am a big runner.
i am doing good. i just finished a blog.
he was a good man. i like to look at blocks of stone.
yes. i love them so much. i live in colorado and have a blog.
he really is. i met him in person.
are you a girl or boy
do you hike? i do. i also like to read about different rescues.
you need to relax. i am color blind and live with my little sister
yes it is. my little sister loves it.
i have a dog............?!?!
i am sorry to hear. do you have any pets?
i work in the human services field.
he sure can, we have adopted two this week.
i've adopted a cat from a shelter
i understand that, i have adopted a cat recently and it scared me
do you work in a store?
yeah, my mom passed away while i was young.
i like to eat hamburgers and french fries while listening to country music.
yeah it was vegan, i love it here.
oh my goodness, yes that is the best.
that's sad. my parents would never approve of it.
oh nice! do you have any hobbies?
they sure are. what do you like to do for fun?
do you like to knit
veggies are healthy. my boys love vegetables
hi how are you today?
nice! i am a bodybuilder, i try to be as close to my target weight as possible
that is awesome! i just workout a lot
you need to work on your diet. i am color blind and my favorite singer is taylor swift
no pets. i am a competitive body builder.
no i don't. maybe one day.
wow very cool i like that. i work at the supermarket
it is a construction company, they make pretty much all kinds of stuff
i'm doing good. just finished my daily workout. how about you?
my day was great, thanks to my dog. you?
that sounds nice. i just got back from my run!
good luck with that. i wish i had a dog
i do, i've a dog, he's a mini me. do you have pets?
well i can teach you how to be a better dog lover then i teach my cats.
i have never had a burger there. i am a dog.
i am so tired. i just ran for three miles!
good. just got done working out.
i work as a model. my dream is to work as an actress.
nice, my dream is to work as an actor.
that is very interesting. i am an actress. i try to make it work
no, but i've a dog who i love like my own child.
do you have any hobbies?
yeah that is a great job
what kind of music do you sing?
i am great. just finished a workout.
i like the band heart. they were my favorite band when i was in high school.
why do you hate dogs? i'm a dog person.
i am sorry to hear that. are you ok?
i'm just enjoying my late night snack, fried eggplant.
my dad is a homemaker and helped me through tough times.
well, i am a teacher and a father of three, what did you not like about your work
that is good, my wife loves the band too!
yes please. i want to become a designer. what is your favorite thing?
i'm a fashion designer, what do you do?
you can still design clothes!!
cool! i just want to be a fashion designer
you will, don't worry. he is my boyfriend.
it is a creative pursuit for me.
i want to design clothing for my children and my boyfriend.
that is funny! i don't. but my boyfriend would love them
i'm good! how are you? i'm currently in school.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have siblings?
what kind of teaching? elementary?
my sister likes the same. i love it. what is your favorite?
yeah, they do a lot of rescues.
my parents are so wealthy they named me after a car company
oh ok. what do you do for fun?
sure! i've a kids and a wife and three kids.
that is okay, do you have any kids?
well my wife and 3 kids would like to learn
i like to play music too. i am a musician and have been for 15 years
yeah. i'm not married and have kids. i am single.
its a lot of talking but it makes me relax
it is fun. but my wife and kids are a lot of fun.
i have been playing a lot of starcraft lately
i'm great! just practicing my drawing skills.
that is interesting, i have a degree in poetry.
i have a cat, her name is spook.
it is very cute. my dog is a mutt and loves the attention.
i'm sure it is. i'm not much of a dog person. do you hike?
not really. i like nature more. what is your favorite book?
i like horror movies. i try to find the good ones.
i am learning how to be a professional writer, i like to draw
i'm good just got home from my weekly hike.
that sounds fun. i have two kids, they're great.
nice! i'm single, just got done hiking.
well, i really don't know
i am a mom of two. i just started working at an accountant job.
i am a single parent so we are good on that end
no not really, i just like to drive around in my honda civic
i am doing good. how are you?
that is great. what kind of bball do you play?
nice, i am a teacher in my free time. do you know the game ark?
nope. i do like ice fishing though.
wow! i'm sure he's proud. he has a polar bear he loves. what kind of
what is your family name?
that is nice. i am an arctic explorer.
awesome. i want to be an arctic explorer one day.
i am doing well. how are you?
do you like dogs or cats?
yeah, i'm an older woman with a dogs. do you like dogs?
dogs rule. i've two of them.
my family does not celebrate christmas
do you have any animals?
yes. i am a writer, mostly in romance.
i've never been out of ohio. what do you do for a living?
i'm from new jersey but i want to move to new york city
i am moving to new york to model and act.
thank you. you too! you seem to be doing very well.
i love new york city. the city is so clean.
that's cool. do you like movies?
yes. my boyfriend and i will be moving in together next week.
i am moving from california to new york city next year.
i am good how are you
what are you reading?
that's cool. i just work at an apartment.
i'm from chicago, what do you like to read?
no. i dropped out of highschool because i dropped out of school.
it is a very complicated subject. i am still in high school.
it never does. do you have kids?
ok, so you have any family that you like?
hello, it is going great, how about you?
i understand. i'm a gymnast myself.
i love roller coasters and i is that what you do?
that sounds like fun! i!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i will. my mom is a doctor, she said i'm good for high school.
i would like to travel internationally someday.
i will look into that. thanks for the idea.
good. playing video games and watching tv.
i like to play with my toys in the playground, do you?
i'm a model and i love to build spacehips.
wow, that is a lot! i just finished my degree in science!
yes, it is very fun.
i am going to college to become a computer programmer.
video games, especially roleplaying games
what kind of games do you play?
i am doing good, just got home from work. how are you?
oh, you are a gamer? i do build my own space ship
cool! what do you do for a living?
i'm sure you will be fine. i'm a nerd too
i am a model and i build houses
that is awesome! what kind of girls do you date?
i like to eat hamburgers and french fries
do you have a job? i work as a computer programmer
i am good, how are you?
oh ok. i am a dog person myself. do you like dogs?
i am not from the united states.
no, i don't have any kids. do you?
that's so cool! my dog is a puppy.
i agree. i've seen some really beautiful houses recently.
i bet you are right. do you have any pets?
you should try to get a dog then.
i'm great, thanks for asking. you?
me too! i am reading a book about a horse. what about you?
i love the color blue, it is my favorite.
yes, it is great fun, i do play a lot of it.
so you are saying its not for everyone?
do you have any children at home?
do you like to read?
i like to read, i also like to play guitar and piano.
i am doing well. just came back from a walk with my boyfriend.
i like hip hop. i also like classical music.
well that's your opinion and i respect it.
i am a big country fan, i want kids floyd gear when i grow up
i'm in high school. what grade are you in?
that is awesome! i want to design clothes for my boyfriend girlfriend.
that is great! i want to be a fashion designer!
hello. i am great. i'm well.
i am well, thank you. how are you tonight?
i'm not married but i do love kids and have 7 of them
that is so exciting. i grew up on a farm with my father.
cool, my parents farm so we don't have cows.
i grew up on a large farm. i love the smell of the flowers.
what kind of novel is it?
i see. that is a pretty cool idea.
i sure did. my parents were both very supportive.
i don't think it would work for me. i am a recluse
do you have any hobbies? i love to explore new parts of the city.
i understand that. i am going to the gym regularly anyway.
you must have been raised very well.
i know it is. but at least it wasn't because of my feet.
well they sure did not want you growing up in a orphanage.
i love to write, mostly thrillers and mystery. you?
lol sounds like a great job
yes. and i love to cook it
do you have a smartphone
i do too. i am an author. do you have pets?
lol do you have pets?
i understand. i love cats, and have two of them.
bacon makes everything better right?
i'm great. just finished teaching biology at my college. you?
that is why i have to travel more.
sure. what do you want to know?
i love traveling. what college do you teach?
that is good. i love to walk and explore.
no. i've to teach biology at a college
i love walking, i've a big garden and my kids love to visit.
i'm a bio major, so it is hard to find time to travel.
hello. i just got done eating. i love the beach and my nails.
nice. do you have a favorite food?
i just got my nails done. i eat the beach.
i like the beach, and i just got my nails done.
no. but i love the beach! my favorite. and you?
you can borrow mine. i'm getting a new one. you like cars?
i am sorry to hear that. my dad sold cars. he is a salesman.
well i'm off to get some healthy food and sleep.
good. i'm cooking some great food. and you?
oh! i am listening to her now!
nice, horses are cool. i like to cook them
i have 3
no, i've a husband and kids too
that is great! i love painting my kitchen
i love to cook my own food, i love to eat out with friends
i play a lot of call of duty, fallout, and starcraft
sure! i am an engineer. what is your job?
i'm not alone anymore, i've a friend.
why would you do that to me
yeah, but i want to talk to you about something.
i like bach, i love bach.
what kind of music do you like?
i hate them, too, but engineering is my passion
i am fine thank you. i am in the army.
nice, i love watching tv as well. i love house of cards
it is very sunny. what do you do for fun?
quilts and scarves are my favorite thing to do.
i don't but i do like quilts
i love reading. i also love quilts.
i don't have any books, but i love to quilt.
i am from new york. i love to go swimming and workout!
i do! my parents don't like it. they say i'm too big.
yeah i do eat kosher food, i don't drink, i like to stay in shape
i am a teacher so i get free food.
that's cool, what kind of shows you watch?
i like to swim, i live next to the beach so i do every day
i'm 60, i like old school hip hop, like kenny chesney and stuff
boy, i am a kindergarten teacher.
good, how are you doing?
wow, i love music, i love musica
cool. my sons like to go hiking together
you sound like a fun guy. i am a single mother of two.
you are right, i need to get out more.
that's awesome. i love bands. i have 2 boys.
i have one little sister and she's a real handful.
i have two boys, i'm hoping to have them all grown
hi! i am great, just got back from my study abroad.
oh no! do you have any hobbies?
that's cool. i'm a painter.
do you have any pets?
i did. my dad was an electrician and he gave me some lessons
yes. we've seen the movie ten times
that is so cool. i'm not much into animals
oh nice. do you knit?
i am great. just watched my favorite horror movie, scarface.
my name is joanna and i'm fine, thank you. yourself?
yeah i was born in alabama, but i live in usc now
what do you do now?
i'm a singer, but i also like to cook
i like watching horror movies. are you hunting them?
you should, its amazing what you can find in the arctic.
yeah but i am a singer and i like to act
i am fine thank you. how are you?
i volunteer with a local red cross. i clean up after them volunteers
i volunteer at the red cross where i volunteer
i have a total of five
oh wow, i have never heard of tiny kitties.
do you have any pets
my parents adopted a bunch of animals. what are their names?
what is your favorite color, mine is green. what is yours?
i am doing well today. how are you?
yeah that sounds painful
i love rap, and i love animals, how about you?
wow, that is very sad. do you have any pets?
do you work out? i do. its good for your joints.
i like working out also
i like the ocean, especially in the winter.
it is a beautiful place
i'm doing good, how are you?
that's cool. what state? i'm from ohio
i'm going to law school next year
anything that will make me happy, i do well at it
thanks, do you have any pets?
i'm going to the club on sunday, it is my favorite
do you have pets?
what is your favorite show?
i love shopping. what is your favorite kind of shopping?
i don't have any pets. do you have any?
that is a pretty name for a cat.
yes it will, i cannot wait to work with them.
wow! congratulations! my sister is single too, she is so lonely.
yeah, i do my part every day, saving the world from cancer
i read books while i shop.
i am in between jobs right now trying to get a real job.
nothing really. just chatting with my brother. you?
wow. that's interesting. my older brother loves metallica too.
what kind of animal do you have?
i don't have time for knitting, i'm a manager, what do you do?
i listen to them while i work, it is so relaxing
metallica are my favorite band and i love working with them.
i grew up with folk music and then met taylor swift
i grew up in the southwest so there's a lot of snow here, especially in winter.
i am doing well, just got back from my dog walking business.
i live in ohio and have two dogs. how are you?
i have a dog and a turtle, i'm scared of heights, do you have pets?
very nice. i own a house on the beach.
i live in the cloud. i like to go hiking and camp.
that is very nice. do you like animals?
i love to run and my dogs are terrified of heights
i'm not religious at all, but i do have two dogs
good. i'm looking forward to retiring soon.
wow that sounds exciting! what do you do there?
cool! what do you do for work?
i see. what is your favorite food?
i am getting ready to retire in five years.
yeah, but i'm looking forward to retirement.
i hope so. i really want to retire in five years.
i am doing pretty good. just finished my first day at work. how are you?
i love shopping, i've been since i was sixteen years old.
cool. what kind of dogs? i've a chihuahua and a pitbull.
i am 26 and i love shopping.
shopping. i am currently unemployed. how about you?
i'm so happy for you! you have time! congratulations.
i am currently a school nurse.
i'm doing pretty good how are you?
yum! i love cooking, do you have a favorite restaurant?
no, i just work with my auntie to help pay bills.
i work in administration, it gets tiring.
i am trying to relax. i am an assistant in a school.
yes. i try to get out of the house as often as possible.
yes, i like to play tennis and guitar.
i am very well. i just watched christmas music!
what a snake! i have three dogs and love them.
my dogs would not have caught the snake if i let them.
i work in a shipyard. what do you do for work?
i don't know but i would think it is okay.
i like conservative. i have to look that way. do you do anything for fun?
it is my favorite holiday.
i am watching football sunday with my 3 dogs.
i'm doing well thank you. what do you do for a living?
yeah. thanks for asking. it is bothering me though.
i am sure she did.. she is very kind.
that sounds like a good job
yes, i've a cat and a dog.
that is sad. do you like cats?
so did my dad, he adopted one too. what do you do?
i like to knit
hi, i am from michigan, where abouts are you?
i was raised on a horse ranch so it is very familiar to me.
i am also retiring in 5 years, but i cannot wait!
i like working with horses on the ranch.
i work out every other day.
oh no, i'm sorry. what is your job?
oh wow! i grew up in a small town and rode horses all day long!
hello, how are you doing?
that's great. i love kids, so we need healthy ones!
that's cool! i'm not really into fashion but i love vintage cars.
i understand. what do you do for a living?
that sounds like fun.
i'm sure you will. do you have kids?
yeah it is a change of pace.
hi, i am retired and like to sew.
i love country music. how about you?
i am from the usa. what about you?
i am not, i am a retired quilt maker, do you know of any good websites sites
do you like to travel? i've a cat named spook.
yes it is. i also make some out of the quilts i have.
yes i do. but i also enjoy a glass of wine when its time to unwind.
my grandma used to sell it in her tea shop.
i am good how are you?
that sounds like fun! what did you do?
i'm a girl too, i'm in high school.
i am a hair stylist. what is your favorite holiday?
i bet you are a great person.
do you like football? i love football.
i don't like to eat bread! i am a vegan.
i have a ton of them and am planning to open a spider store.
hi. i'm good. i used to drink a lot but now i stop.
i love to gamble, but i am not really into sports.
oh well, my kids are pretty cool, we've 2 kids
i'm a stay at home dad.
i am not being rude, just sayin
yeah it is, i love to play the game.
thank you, i just started to play again. it is very rewarding.
yes, i do, but i don't like driving. i used too. i like to play
hello i love to eat chocolate candy.
that sounds cool. i want to be an actor when i get out.
that sounds pretty cool.
mine is taylor swift
i like to eat pink too. do you like pink?
i have 2 dogs. they're great. they eat everything.
i think dogs are better than cats, they're so social.
yes, it will be good for you. what do you do?
hi, i'm great! i just got home from a walk with my dog. you?
i do both. i work in it, but i'm actually a christian.
no, but i do like to shoot them.
yes i'm close to them, i work with them a lot
i am glad to hear that. i work in an office. what about you?
it sure is, it sure is.
it can be hard being a christian in a world full of atheists
that would be wonderful. i hope you have a good weekend.
i love beer, but i also drink a lot of coffee, which is also a great source of
i don't. i work in advertising. my job is boring.
what is your favorite color?
yes it is, i am of the belief that cats are divine beings
i got fired and moved to canada
no. my kindergarten friend had a party last night. it was pretty awesome.
i hear ya. i spent a lot of money there
yeah, it can be, but i am glad i came to america.
i hope you have a great night. i hope you have an awesome wedding.
i like the ocean and mountains, not much of a sky person myself
no. i don't know how. do you have any hobbies?
i am afraid of heights. do you like to fish?
you should. i am afraid of heights but i love to look at blocks and sing about letters.
i'm afraid of heights, so i will keep to myself.
my dad used to have a hunting license, he is an attorney.
i've caught a few. not all are great, but still
hi brian. i am doing great! what are you doing?
i am still in college so i don't get to do that much homework
oh no! i'm sorry that is so frustrating!
well that's just silly, do you like music?
i have a feeling she's into that sort of thing
i want to teach, but i am not sure if that is a good career choice
history, i want to become a teacher.
i am still in school so i have time to learn
i'm good, how about you?
oh that is sad. do you like dogs?
wow! i am single and am scared of my dog. do you have any pets?
i see, what is your favorite type of music?
i'm single and a woman, i don't think that makes me old.
i am single and looking for a roommate
what kind of food do you cook?
i like music as well. my favorite station is 99. how about you?
i'm doing pretty good, how are you?
well, i have a degree in computer science. do you?
i have 3 girls, and my mother is a doctor.
my mom is also a doctor. i played football for a years.
i have one brother. i like to play video games.
i'm not sure. maybe. maybe.
yeah maybe i will. do you have a spaceship?
sounds fun. i'm trying to get my life together.
i like to eat lots of meat
oh i see. well do you? i love cooking.
i am a teacher. what do you do?
cool! my brother is in the army so we go to the same gym
my sister cooks a lot of it. i eat it a lot too.
i like to eat meat.
that's a good way to look at it
they are fun. my brothers used to ride them. he's a body builder.
doing pretty good. how about you?
i just finished my second job. it is a part time job.
well that is what you are meant to do.
oh wow, that's crazy. i am not much of a reader.
yes i have done it before. do you like it?
i'm a huge fan of the lord of the rings books.
yes, but i also like to binge read.
i'm from new jersey. i'm a fan of britney spears.
well, my mom lives there and my dad drives a tractor.
i am so sorry. my mom passed away when i was young.
i love going out at night, i go to a few concerts a year.
yeah i do a lot of weights, i do a lot of them on the weekends.
i watch the olympics and nascar
no, i am not a fan of it. do you like cooking?
i'm well. how about you?
oh wow, i am only about 5'9, how old are you?
nope, no kids, but i do love watching horror movies.
that is good. what is your favorite type of movie?
she is a teacher. she is very busy.
that is nice. what do you do for work?
i make some for her sometimes.
i am a big horror fan, especially the genre thrillers
i am great. just dropped out of high school.
oh nice. i dropped out so i don't know if i'll be able to help you
yeah, i work fast food for now. what do you do?
no, i dropped out because i dropped out of highschool.
i like shopping. i drop out of high school because i dropped out.
i've never done a marathon. i drop out of highschool.
i love to read, i dropped out of high school but work fulltime in a.
i dropped out of high school, so i don't have many options.
hello. i am an actor and i want to be an olympian.
i am an actor, and i love it!
i don't like cats. i am a huge fan of dogs.
what do you do for work? i am an elementary school teacher
yeah. i want to be an actor when i'm an adult
a shiba. he is so chill!
he's very cute!
yeah, they're very independent and like nobody
i am well. i just got home from walking my dog. how are you?
i love music. i'm currently reading a book about a dog.
that's cool, i've never heard that before
do you exercise? i love walking.
i love walking. i want to go to spain again.
i've a dog. do you have any pets?
that's interesting. i read about the dangers of eating too many grains
i'm sorry to hear that. i am a teacher and i love children.
i am married to a doctor.
we don't hunt, we eat local.
well i love to cook and read as well. what kind of books do you like to read?
that is a good belief to have.
i like cooking, reading, and listening to music
because my husband is in the third grade.
i love going to church. i have kids and love going to their service.
i like to spend my money on mcdonalds, and hats
oh okay. i see. i have a mcdonalds in my town.
i'm moving to mcdonalds for college
oh i see i am a mcdonalds waitress what about you
i'm considering going back to school for a language degree
cool. i m going to mcdonalds to eat
i don't think so, i'd rather be working at mcdonalds
that is nice do you have any hobbies
i am a pizza delivery guy. i have a stutter and like reading
i am a stutter. i can not read.
i wish i was that interesting. my mom runs a restaurant and i'm part time waitress.
i am in love with the rolling stones. do you have kids?
nice. i like reading and i like pizza. do you have any hobbies?
i don't have kids. maybe someday.
my mom cooks pizza. it is the best.
that's a good point. i like my pizza with real pepperoni.
good. i just got home from working in it.
i am so glad someone else is having that problem!
you must have been a very successful woman.
colins a good boy and a good boy boy
not at the moment. i love my job
i know the struggle! i have read as much as i can about it
yes i do care about the country more than politics
we do. i have to read between the lines a lot.
i am well. how are you?
sorry to hear that. i am glad he is ok
oh, i am not broken, just tired. i am working, i am a pediatrician.
oh wow. are you in college?
yeah, my husband, we have a dog, a mini van.
that's cool, i'm in school too. what do you like to do?
i do too! i love old books and old sci fi.
i am 100, i am on a diet. i love the beach, and my dad has a
i love the beach, and i just got my nails done, as i eat clean.
i do, but i lost my leg in the war.
that's okay. do you like the beach? i just got my nails done.
i eat healthy and trim my nails. what do you do?
that's so cool! i just got my nails done. i love them!
i like to go to the beach. i love the beach.
i'm on a diet. i love eating. do you like the beach?
i like to travel. i love to go to europe, it is my favorite.
you sound very spiritual. i don't understand
about 3 miles. i love walking. i also like to cook paella
what do you like to do for fun?
yes. i do a lot of walking, especially in the summer. do you?
i have never had that kind of activity before!
that is good, i love to learn about new techniques
wow! i have a large garden and love walking outdoors.
i am doing well, and you?
i am from chicago. where are you from?
it is a dog training school, we were all traumatized by it.
my big sweet tooth. i love everything chocolate, and vanilla ice cream.
do you like dogs?
twitter is great because everyone loves pictures of themselves.
i like snapchat. my favorite is love, and i follow everyone.
i agree and i love to dance to it
i like all kinds of music.
sorry to hear that. my mom is a doctor, she is very traditional.
that is so nice. i'm not much of a singer, but i can play piano.
my dad did that. i love him. i am not much of a reader.
wow. i'm sure she was very smart.
i agree. i like to build space programs.
i did, but i am going back for medical school.
sorry about that. i'm sure he loved you.
i don't know, but i want pizza!
that is a great idea! do you work? i am unable to work
i have a disability so no pizza for me
what is your occupation? i am a chef and have been at it for 15 years
do you like music? i like cooking, i cannot work at a job because of a disability
that's cool, what is your favorite book?
my disability makes it hard to do anything
yes. i do both of those things.
i'm great, how are you?
no, i am a nurse. do you have any pets?
nice. i have two dogs. i love them. do you have pets?
my cats love to play with my dog bed.
i have been a volunteer at the homeless shelter for the last 3 years.
i love riding my dog, he's a big goofball.
it is very beautiful. i am going to have my grandchildren and i will travel the world on my
i am sorry. what kind of pets do you have?
i am great. just came back from a nice long relaxing walk.
sounds nice. i am just getting started on my new job.
you must be very strong. i love to model my stuff.
what do you teach?
do you have any pets?
do you have any hobbies? i love model cars.
oh wow. what is your favorite movie?
they are, they treat me very well. what is your favorite hobby?
i was the lead singer of a popular band, you?
no. i was too busy singing in bands and partying with my 3 sisters.
yes, i want to sue for infringement.
that is great! i'm not a parent but i am the lead singer in a popular band.
no. i am a singer from the land down under.
that's interesting. i play guitar and piano.
we do have some videos on the front page of the site.
good, you? i'm eating a salad for lunch, how about you?
that sounds great. i don't have a job.
yes. i also have two dogs and a cat.
yes i do. i do play sports for fun.
it is! i love to eat there!
my cats and i like to go to the beach.
he's the name of the dog.
he is a black lab. what is your diet like?
sure i'm jeremy
i've a friend who plays the piano and guitar
what kind of music do you like?
yes! i'm a musician. i play the piano and guitar.
i run as well. its fun
i am so excited, i just moved to the us and i am excited!
yeah, but my dad was a cop, so he has lots of money
i don't work so i stay in shape.
hi. i'm just writing my living stories.
i like to have a nice long scotch with a nice cup of coffee.
no i'm afraid of spiders! i have a dog, he's a pitbull.
what kind of snake? i have a pet named spook.
well, i am a descendant of christopher columbus.
awesome! i've never been. i'd love to see
i am a fan of comic books and heros. do you have any?
what are the rules?
hi. i love playing frisbee. i just had my transplant.
i just had surgery and had to have a c section.
i have two dogs, they're pretty good at that, too.
i'm a stay at home dad.
they are and i do eat sardines for breakfast everyday
my name is charlie. i've a sardine allergy.
that would be great! i'd buy one
hi. i'm a mom of two.
i like to cook but i am not very good at it.
i don't. i just love cooking, i've made many meals at home this year.
cats can be very loud. i'm not a huge fan of them.
i eat a lot of meat. what do you do for a living?
i eat meat, but i am not going to pretend like i am not a vegan
fishing is okay but i am allergic to fish.
i am doing great! where are you from?
that is awesome. i am a teacher, so i know a lot about stress.
i bet. i am a new york teacher so i get a lot of time out of school
psychology maybe? i am still new to the whole thing
sorry to hear that. i am not like her at all.
i m a big fan of the who and their new record.
i like to play the piano, guitar, drums, and sing.
sounds fun! i am a little nervous about the whole learning thing though.
no i don't think so. i live on a farm in central ny
i have never had a teacher, but i do love to code!
sure, you are not the only one.
i love to code, web design, and listen to country music.
oh no. are you allergic to dogs too?
25, and yes, i am. i also code and listen to music.
yes i know. my parents are very strict about it.
hello, i teach piano, and i do a lot of volunteer work.
yes. i am a teacher. i love it. i teach elementary school and junior high school.
i am a teacher and i teach elementary students. you?
do you have any children, i am having three.
i don't follow.
i like to think of it as the spiritual home of my three children.
yes, my father was a great man. i'm so sorry you went through that.
women are oppressed everywhere, they need to go.
nothing much. how are you doing?
my left leg is sore. i shave it every three days.
i do but i keep it to myself so nobody can know
my leg hurts so bad, it hurts when i ride it.
i read about horses. do you like horses?
do you have any animals or are you only a farmer
yes. it is a big problem
no i don't. what about you?
hello, my name is taylor and i'm a bee farmer.
great, just got back from work. i'm so ready for tomorrow.
yes i do. i love the buckeyes
no, but i am from ohio, close to there.
i am from the us. i grew up in ohio.
i agree. do you like sports?
yeah, and i love drinking. i'm always in the water.
i like to make hummus and salads.
i volunteer at a local bunny rescue.
that's cool. what do you do for fun?
my mom is a nurse, she volunteers there.
i'm vegan. what is your favorite color?
do you have any animals? i volunteer at a local bunny rescue.
i am not saying all animals are bad, but some animals are just, ugh.
it is quite easy. it is a lot of fun.
i try! i volunteer at a local bunny rescue.
i am good how are you?
nice. my favorite club is the club at the mall i work at.
oh i see. i am not religious, but i like to dance.
you are conservative in that you like candy? i don't like candy.
i am conservative because i am also a dog trainer.
what is your dogs name?
i don't take pictures of myself. i spend my free time dancing at the club.
i just bought a house!
i'm doing great, how about you?
i'm not sure i am a good hunter. maybe you could help me?
i play all kinds of music, from gospel to rap to death metal.
that is nice. do they play any instruments? i play guitar.
my brother lives there, he is a huge baseball fan
my two brothers and i live in chicago, i love playing guitar
my brother has a lot of them. he got all of them in chicago.
sounds fun! i love driving my big truck around chicago
i am from ohio. do you have a favorite food?
i love eating ice cream. i don't drink alcohol.
i enjoy hiking in the spring, and i love to play softball.
no. i am a stay at home dad.
he is a cat. i adopted him from the shelter.
cookies are good. what is your favorite food?
it is very good. i don't like to eat ice cream.
it is. my husband and i adopted him when he was young.
i'm well. i am a democrat and i read as much as i can.
it is a nice quiet place, i wish i lived close by.
i do! guitar, piano, drums, flute, whatever. it is fun.
i'm from canada. what about you?
i live in chicago too. my dad and i stay in new york city.
i think so. but, i don't live there anymore.
last weekend, the weekend before, when did you move?
that is great! i just started a new job just yesterday. what is yours?
hi. well, i'm a custodian and don't mind working the shift.
i am just looking for a new job.
i love to play video games. i am currently playing warcraft
i play call of duty and for my job i work at mcdonalds
i agree, but it is hard to find someone to play with on the weekends
india. i live in us. what do you do?
i grew up in new jersey and have family in florida
i am recovering from cancer and want to make a difference
i'd suggest the elgin rose
the place with the spiders, the snake, and the spiders.
i like to eat pizza and listen to music. do you do that?
no, i survived and am married with two kids.
no, but i do have my father, who is in his 80 s.
yes, and they buried me in the backyard. it was scary.
yes he was very spiritual.
they don't, i am afraid of spiders too.
thank you. you too! i will pray for you.
i like sports, my fave is football.
i'm not much of a hiker, i live in ohio
i love stickers! i have a bunch on my car.
yes. what is your favorite type of fish?
that is so cool. i also collect stickers
well that is a good passion
that would be interesting. how would you make it
i really like the bucs. i'm afraid of the water
great. how about you? i am just taking my dogs for a walk.
cool, i just bought a house recently too
i am from spain, how about you?
i understand. i just bought a new house. i am so excited!
i like to watch nhl hockey and read books while my parents take care of me.
do you like dogs?
well, i do love dogs, so anything with a good bone in it is good to me.
i like to play board games and roleplay in roleplaying games.
hello. i'm well. how are you?
i eat a lot of hamburgers and fries, so that's good.
that's the way to do it. i am a jazz fan myself.
i am allergic to bees so they're all gone
i work for my local supermarket. i don't like the competition.
i eat what i want. what about you?
i love bacon too! i'm a vegan.
i am good. how about you?
i'm a volunteer at the animal shelter. how about you?
that is cool, i work in an animal shelter.
i am from the usa but i live in canada now
cool, i work at a local shelter
i live on a beach with my best friend
yes, i love to read and play video games.
i don't play video games, i work in a shelter
hi i'm from a small town outside of cleveland, ohio.
no, we have 3 dogs, they're amazing. what do you do?
i don't mind physical activity, but i don't like working out.
i'm not sure, maybe i could try cooking it.
i don't watch much, as i drop out of school.
me too. i am so happy that i dropped out.
i'm still in highschool. i dropped out.
yes. i love it. i drop out of high school to pursue my spirituality full time.
hi i'm josie. i am from aalyasia
that is great, what did your service in the army entail
cool, i grew up in australia, do you play any sports?
i love to play the guitar, i am also a stock broker, what do you do?
a pitbull mix. how many kids do you have?
yeah, i make a bit, what do you do for a living?
wow! i've a black lab named charlie too.
anywhere but here, i like to go to exotic places
i am well. watching a bunch of nfl football. you?
i'm great i love watching tv and listening to music
nice! what you studying?
i don't, i spend most of my time with my husband. do you?
wow, that is so different.
just finished my homework. i love doing that.
i like to eat ice cream. i'm a homebody too.
that is great what is your favorite dish
i'm doing good. i just came back from hiking and camping.
meat is good but i also like to eat fresh salads and tofu
that is okay, i eat healthy but my favorite food is cheeseburgers
wow! you play much? i like to play board games, but i don't know how to
what do you do now for fun?
that's fine, but if you do, tell me what you learned.
a girl with big feet and big dreams, like me.
so far so good! i hike a lot and camp too.
nice! i like animals. my sister is an animal activist.
i like self portrait because i am a dancer and my parents were both murdered.
that is very true. i am sorry to hear that.
yes, i'm a great swimmer. do you have pets?
it is very fun to dance to music too.
i love dancing and painting my pictures on the beach.
that's nice. my dogs are always on my back. do you have any animals?
hi there. i am doing well, how are you?
yes i have. they are my best friends now.
no. i was always behind on school. i am currently a juvenile in juvie.
you are so right, i want to design a dress.
what do you want to be when you grow up?
i know, it is good money right?
you have lived your life a lot
do you think they should have locked the door
i'm a single mother of two. i don't have many friends.
yes, i love it. what do you do?
yeah i do, my two boys like to go hiking with me too
that is nice, i am single so i don't get to socialize much
i don't listen to music while working. i like to stay active and work on my car
i work as an accountant. i'm studying finance
i sure hope so! i'm single so i don't need a boyfriend.
yeah i'm close to it
no, i've two kids though, i really like them.
i have two dogs. do you have any pets?
no, i'm single. my wife is a doctor.
no. i like to read.
red, reminds me of summer time.
i went from being a pediatrician to being a vet.
yes. i love it. what about you?
i am good, how was your day?
what is your name? i work at a nursing home
i'm sure. i eat a lot of meat and tofu and i'm vegan
that's cool. i like to work at a pet store. i am an omnivore.
it was my friend s wedding. she had a dog. we just walked by it
oh no! i work in the insurance business.
that's so sad. what do you do for a living?
i'm sure you'll be back. life is good
hi, my name is joanna and i love watching horror movies
sounds like a fun job
wow, that is really impressive! are you a singer too?
wow, i cannot sing, i can barely read. my parents forced me to learn to read
i love horror movies and have been watching some lately
that's a long trip
that sounds really delicious!
i am well. just renting an apartment for the week
that's wonderful! i've two dogs myself. how many kids do you have?
i've a dog. do you have any pets?
i've a dog. his name is spook.
that is understandable. i am a single woman, and my boyfriend is also single.
do you like horror movies?
no. i'm married and have three kids.
you must not be a smart person then. i am single and in my late thirties.
hello. i love horses! i'm working out.
i've them on a large horse ranch, they love it
that is awesome. i bet that would be an amazing job.
yes. i also love to cook but i also enjoy working out
i love horses and i am so proud of my dog johndenver
yes. i love the horses. do you have any hobbies?
i love horses. i've 2 of them.
i like horses but i'm a musician. do you have any hobbies?
hi! how are you doing?
what do you do for fun?
oh, i like living alone. do you have any pets?
you are so right! maybe i can get a cat too.
i'm sure you get lonely too sometimes. maybe we can be quilts for each other
i have a siamese cat. i love him.
that is a good plan. my cats are lazy too
well that is why i retired. i was tired of banking.
hi. i'm doing well. i am online. what are you up to today?
i am in texas. where abouts are you from?
i spend a lot of time on the internet.
second life is an online survival game. i play it a lot.
a big truck and i like big trucks
what kind of car? do you like cars?
oh, wow, i am sorry about that
i'm doing well. how are you?
that is very unfortunate. are you ok?
i am at home with my husband and we just bought a house.
i'm currently working on a house, and a dance studio. what about you?
i'm sorry to hear that. do you compete?
a real person. i like talking to the system.
i like kenny chesney. do you?
hi jordan, i am from ohio and my pet is named arizona
i am from chicago
my cats name is archie
what is wrong with the snakes
i've a cat named spook, what is your favorite game
read, play board games, and you?
do you have a pet?
horror yes, video games no
i love cooking but my husband hates it.
i like the hunger games. do you have any hobbies?
i like to eat hamburgers and french fries, they're so filling!
i exercise because i love my husband. he is the best.
i don't have many friends so i stay at home.
i don't sew, but i love to watch tv shows and read.
i like to watch movies and tvs with my husband.
sure, how many would you like?
sure. how many of them? horses are great exercise.
oh. horses are good work. i like to work with horses.
i like horses. do you like to cook? i cook for my family.
i am single and with horses. do you have any hobbies?
haha. maybe i can make you one of my horses.
what do you do in your free time?
hi, i am ok. how about you?
three years. i'm kind of a recluse.
that is so cool! i'm an author myself.
i've two dogs, i live on a horse farm.
i have one daughter. she's a child prodigy.
no, i kept going. i have three dogs now.
that's true. what about you?
i'm a girl, you?
it is just to keep track of my job.
what do you do in ny
that's cool. do you have a job?
do you like rap music?
i don't go to church but my father does, do you have any siblings?
eel is great but not as good as tuna.
i'm not into rap, i listen to classical music
i am fine. my dad passed away when i was young. he is in the army.
that is a great life! do you hike?
well i am sure you are a wonderful cook!
i like to cook, i just got a new stereo yesterday.
i am 46 years old. how old are you?
my father keeps setting me up with amazing people. he is a surgeon.
sounds like a rewarding career. i like to hike and camp.
i'm a single woman.
that sounds like fun. i love cooking, i also like reading books and watching movies.
cool! i am a single woman, 32.
i love cooking. i want to try and cook a good romantic meal.
i'm single and my boyfriend is not. i want to be a lawyer.
my family is pretty chill. we've a huge family, i am the oldest.
i love outlander. i also love sci fi like the x men
i am scared of clowns due to my experiences with dogs.
it is going good, how are you?
i just watched heart with my three children, i love that show
my kids like frisbee too, so we are both happy.
i was born in 1982 as well. what are your plans for the holidays?
i was born in the late 80 s. do you like music?
no, i was only ever a teacher and a male.
that's too bad. i like music and teach music.
wow i am sorry to hear. i love music and i hope to make it big some day.
hi! i'm doing great. just got back from an adventure!
that's great! what kind of dog do you have?
i bet. you should travel more. i've been to spain
that sounds hard
yeah i am. i am a dog person, so i love animals
i like to travel. i travel alot
i am. what do you do for work?
haha. that's funny my girlfriend does not agree
i am well thank you
i am from india
i am sure they were. i hope your friends and i are ok
yeah, luckily i am a pretty big eater so i don't get flooded as often
cool. i like music and that is why i stay in shape
i love to read. i love to read and write. do you like poetry?
what are some of your favorite things about yourself?
haha, that is true. you have any favorite hobbies?
hi! i'm in oklahoma. i am afraid of heights because i am so scared of dying
i've never heard of traditional american cooking. i'll have to try it sometime.
i am not religious at all. i'm more of an atheist.
well, i hope he does not hurt you, do you?
yeah it is exhausting, i've to take breaks sometimes to let the dogs out, they are so
i am very much so, and you?
that's nice, i am afraid of heights so i avoid them
yeah, i've always believed in god. do you?
hi i'm jennifer and i'm a little scared.
i'm going to bed soon. how are you doing?
yeah! and i love making tiny animals and decorating my home
i am sorry about that, do you have a favorite hobby?
i am too, i am allergic to cats and i am home schooled
i am. my kid needs to learn to play
i wish i was there to listen to you!
yeah, i am so glad too. i am going to bed early to unwind
sure, how old are you? i'm in college studying.
i am from chicago, how about you?
i am doing education. what is your major?
i know, i am hoping to become a lawyer
he was a good dude. he passed away at a young age, but he was always super positive
what are your plans for after you graduate?
i'll try. do you have any pets?
but i love to spend time with friends
i am good. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. i live in colorado.
yes, i am! i have a book out in the mail tomorrow
that's great! i like reading. do you like to travel?
cool. i like to eat stickers, i've over 1000
it is a favorite of mine.
pizza. i also enjoy hiking and reading poetry.
i'm from chicago myself. i live in the suburbs.
i've not been there, i've a lot of family and friends here in chicago
i bet. i love playing guitar and love my two brothers.
i play the guitar, and you?
i work at a bar in chicago. what do you do?
well, i am a musician, but i also do work.
well i like to play guitar and sing.
i've a bunch of arkansas tats.
hi i'm good i dropped out of high school
oh cool. i am a music teacher at a school.
it is, but i love it
do you have any pets?
my parents have a pet cow. they are very protective.
he's a lab mix. he's not very good at agility but i love him
my apartment has a king size bed with king size queen bath tub
i dropped out of high school and work at a shelter
i am doing very well. how are you?
wow that's ambitious
oh okay
i understand that, i am in a similar boat, working as a manager for a music company
you can still be your own boss.
i m from ohio
the one with more snow.
i don't have any siblings
i am very well, thanks. i'm listening to taylor swift.
what book is that? i'm reading one.
i have a horse named taylor swift! do you have any horses?
i am the lead singer for a band and i sing songs from the movie frozen.
i'm not familiar with her music.
my horse powers would not allow me to travel to nyc.
i am a musician and own my own studio
i am so sorry. horses are precious.
i like to cook but i am scared of dogs. they are scary
computers are great. i rent them out when i'm not using them.
yes, i am always hunting for work as a chef, and i love cooking!
i like to cook but my parents will not let me.
i love documentaries as well.
i am not disabled, but i want to be a chef!
oh i'm sorry to hear. i'm not familiar with the area
the crime rate is up in the city.
hi! i'm lucy here, i'm eating some candy.
i am not good at speaking yet, but i can type fast.
economics. i am going into business school next year.
what is your favorite candy? i love chocolate!
i work in an office and have been at it for years.
my parents are very old. they are in an old house.
i am sorry to hear that. i am still in college and work at a call center.
sure! my office is right across from the basketball field.
i'm fine thank you. i just got back from a tour of south korea.
i'm a soldier, i love it here.
i'm currently training to be a wrestler, but i don't think i'm ready.
that is young! what do you do for fun?
no i don't play softball. i am a man.
i don't sing, i play a lot of instruments.
you are in the army? i am.
yes please. what is your favorite band?
good, just relaxing after a long day at work. you?
i'm relaxing, i am working in a factory.
my father played football when he was in college. i like working in the factory.
do you have any pets?
well, i am afraid of water so maybe you could help!
i love to garden.
i am trying to get my hands on some strawberries.
fruits are too. i'm not a fan of fruit.
i'm doing well. how about you?
i've to go to work in an hour. i am going to the park to celebrate!
what is your favorite drink?
you will have time. i work nights at the mall.
dogs are wonderful. i've a black lab named trooper and a golden retriever named trooper.
no, but i love scotch and drinking it. you?
i'm glad to know that you are okay. what did you do to get bit?
i am good. i just came back from volunteering at a local bunny rescue. how about you?
my boss is coming to get me tomorrow
i am a dog person, my favorite is barnaby
i don't. i do a lot of volunteer work though
oh that's nice do you like animals
i work as a dog walker for a shelter
my boss found me a pet turtle in the woods
i like her to!
i am well. how are you?
i am in north dakota and i met my best friend here.
travel and learn new things, i do like to travel, especially to europe
yes, i went to college in nyc
i love to travel. i love to see new places.
that's great. i am an actor. i love to travel and learn new things
i just moved to this country from nyc.
yes. i make a lot of money. i spend a lot of time traveling.
hi! how are you today?
i do. i also like to go to church on sunday.
yes it is, we do it on mondays
do you have a family. i live on a farm and have three dogs.
he is a farmer and we walk in the mornings to cool it down.
that is nice do you hunt?
it is. my mom is a dentist and i help her out when i can.
yes. i'm a huge christian too. do you like to cook?
good evening. i like to eat hummus and watch movies.
i'm studying to become a lawyer. it is a challenging career
hello, i live in alabama. what about you?
do you have any hobbies? i love going on adventures.
cool. what do you do for fun?
they sure are. i also have a dog, named max.
wow you are so smart. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool! i named my dog max. do you travel?
sure. i am going on a dog walking adventure.
hello, how are you today?
that is awesome. what is your dog like
that's cute do you like dogs
i love being active, i like to run, skateboard and go to the gym.
i love sports, but i'm into all types of music. i love rap too.
i am going to study for an online class.
i've not been but i want to go to college for it
it is very underground, i heard some rappers from europe say it.
i'm great! just finished a long day of reading.
no jail for me either, i care about people
my husband is a cop. i work in it, he watches the news
well at least you care about your career
i understand. do you like to travel?
yeah i watch the nfl and ufc
i'm not really into sports. i read about it on tv every night
i really enjoy the hunger games series
i'm okay, how about you?
i shave them short so they don't hurt
cool, my left leg is sore today.
i like to think i am
i've never been on an oceanic trip
yes, but they don't have water because they are so clean
no i'm single, and i keep it to myself
i am doing pretty well. how about you?
i work at a school. what about you?
i spend all my free time on facebook. i am a vegan and i post a lot of vegan
do you like to travel?
i hear ya. i am afraid of spiders and snakes though.
i don't know. maybe you will find out when you move.
i'm afraid of scorpions. spiders terrify me.
i'm sure you will. do you like music?
i'm great! i'm only 40 years old. how are you?
five. i am so sad about it.
congratulations! i am so proud of you. you are doing good.
i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher. do you have kids?
you don't need to be a chef to enjoy cooking.
oh i love to cook and i would love to try that.
yeah. my husband is a doctor so he cooks and we both work nights
i am good, just got back from my two dogs, who are also dogs. you?
wow, i never finished high school. i am only 16. i am playing frisbee
i am fine. i eat sardines for breakfast.
i am retired and living the great life. how about you?
my 2 dogs would not approve of that. i'd have to give up my lunch.
i'm sorry to hear that. i don't have time to care about my kids.
i am from new york city. i just had surgery.
sure. what kind of music do you like?
my name is john. do you have any siblings?
country is my thing too. my sisters are all different
no. i never heard of any famous artists.
sure, i can get you my autograph, i'm the lead singer for a popular band.
oh, that's not good! maybe someone will sign my autograph.
i love to party. we should try to go sometime.
oh that's nice what is your favorite band
nothing much just got home from a walk with my dog
in somalia. my mom passed away when i was young.
that is neat. do you have any pets?
i work at a dog walking business. i'm so glad i got the job
oh no! that would be awful!
i like to dance when i can. do you?
oh i understand. i just bought a new house and am excited.
sure, i'll get started on the decor
sure, tell me about yourself.
i like to play with my dolls
i am retired and i do a lot of walking around my home country.
yes i do. i try to do as many as i can in a day
wow, that's impressive. what do you sell?
they are really soft and warm and comfy.
it is, but i also enjoy cooking.
i try to stay away from alcohol. it makes me see things
no, i am a custodian to help clean up after animals
what do you do for a living?
you want to go to jail?
i think so, do you have any pet?
no, but my mom is supportive of my dream
i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you find them soon
well you could give them to me
i'm not your guy, friend
that is nice. i love candy.
my sister had a dog named charlie she lives in colorado now.
i like to eat chocolate candy! my favorite!
i'm not a huge reader but do read.
i like chocolate bars. how many chocolate bars are there?
because i am a bee keeper.
i love candy!
do you have a job? i'm a waitress.
i'm okay, eating some french bread. how about you?
i've a dog named pablo, he's a big fat dog
that is a good idea. i could eat there. i love eating.
that is nice. i'm only five feet tall. i eat a lot of pizza.
i work at a hair salon and have to stay busy sometimes.
what is your favorite movie?
my dog's name is pedro. what is yours?
what is your favorite color? mine is green.
how nice! i have a huge collection of teddy bears at the local zoo.
what country are you in
that is cool, i work at a zoo as a nurse, it is very rewarding
do you like tupac?
sure, why not? i've six.
i love green! i wish i could have all the teddy bears
sure! tell me about yourself.
i'm a graduate student. how about you?
i study languages, and you?
that is good! i love reading books. i've a cat named Arizona.
no, only one. my cats are all male.
sorry to hear that. how old are they?
nope, i've a pet cat named arizona and i'm a grad student
awesome! what kind of music do you play?
fruits, i also like a glass of wine in the evenings.
what type of ice cream do you like?
do you have any pets?
i've been married for four years, so this is my i'm a retired british girl
i don't really follow sports. i just like to collect things.
not really. i just go a lot of britney spears.
i am a real person, not an act.
good. just came back from my weekly workout. how are you?
i am doing good. i just ate some meat. what do you like to eat?
i am a doctor.
well, i am a bodybuilder, so i eat a lot of meat.
i love meat. i'm a doctor
what do you do for a living?
you can still get them for free on amazon
i'm well, how are you?
that sounds like a fun book. do you like quilts?
what do you like to do? i try to walk a mile a day.
do you like to read? i do a lot of quilts and love them.
i have 2 cats and they love to snuggle with me
i'm sure you do. do you have any other hobbies?
yes, especially action and horror movies.
it is the only thing i have time for anymore
i'm fine. where do you live? i am in wisconsin
wow!! that is so sad!!!!
you should, we are very cold here.
i understand that. i've to work sometimes to pay bills.
i hope not. i want to see my kids grow up.
i listen to alot of different music
they'll be the ones that will know the real power of rock and rap.
boys, we will probably get married in the spring.
hi, i'm well! how are you?
my hair is brown, so i get a lot of sun during the winter.
wow, you are brave soldier! i'm color blind.
i don't. but i do love cheeseburgers. what about you?
i like cats, but my family keeps making fun of my hair style
i also like to go to country concerts on the weekends.
i love cooking but i am not very good at it
i'm doing pretty good. how are you?
i like country music, i'm listening to it while eating my macaroni
i like the sound of that. i also play a lot of call of duty.
i do love cooking. i do write a lot of fanfic.
i live on a small island with no one.
i grew up in michigan. i miss it so much
they are great. my cats name is charlie.
i try to write as much as i can, since i am a recluse.
i'm doing good, how about you?
i love hiking, my dad was a geologist, so we spent summers hiking all the time.
i like animals and i like to hike.
wow, my dad was a farmer
i eat a lot of meat. i love that stuff.
yes it is. my dad is retired.
what kind of music do you like?
i love to read, too. my dad was a classical music teacher.
hello. i am jennifer. what is your name?
i am just here. my dad keeps harassing me
i'm just trying to figure out who to put in the picture.
i'm in a nursing home.
i play tennis professionally, but i hate the game.
yeah it can be. but i don't mind it.
i am a nurse. i work at a trauma center in my town.
i'm good, how are you?
i'm going to middle school
i like scary movies because i'm scared of ghosts
what do you do for a living?
what else do you like to do? i like to hike and play with my dogs.
that is why i am 14, i want to be an actor
that is so sweet of you. what kind of books do you like to read?
well i do love dogs so i could use them to help me be a better actor
hi, i am a woman, and i am exercising my right to have a wife and children.
i love the fact that i have children, so i'm order them pizza whenever they ask.
yes, i read a lot, i read the bible at least twice a week
i love to read, i love to read about nature and spirituality
i'm a fitness fanatic. i love the ocean, and my convertible mustang.
i've never read about sales, but my wife loves it.
i have not. but i read a lot of books.
it is important to have a healthy lifestyle. do you like to read?
i don't have a television. i volunteer at the local red cross.
i am not sorry! i have a large collection of those.
i play with my toys. do you collect anything?
no, i don't sing. do you like to play chess?
well at least they are honest!
no, it is not new. the television does not show the game.
no, but i volunteer at the local green center
no. i work as a volunteer at the hospital.
i do. my name is lucy, i work in an office.
i graduated with a degree in finance.
i was okay. i did not make it to college.
i am not sure, i am a custodian so i don't fish.
yeah i could try. i love soccer
lucy. i am lucy.
i have two dogs. do you have any pets?
i have a turtle, he's a turtle too!
hello. doing well. i am a teacher and i love horror movies.
i watch scary movies
that is a good idea, i like to watch horror movies.
that's nice. my parents are farmers and raised cattle.
awesome. i love horror movies. what is your favorite movie?
i love to cook but i am not very good at it.
no pets. i've been trying to get a dog but no luck yet.
do you like horror movies?
i am very well! thanks for asking.
i understand that feeling. i'm unable to work so i knit for a living
we can do a kickstarter to help with the cost of cleaner air.
that would be a terrible idea. i am allergic to water
no i don't. i'm disabled and cannot work
nice, my disability would make it hard to find a good job.
that is a lot of cats. i love them all!
no, i am not. i have 2 brothers and i live with them in chicago
i see, that's nice, what do you do for fun?
i am sorry, that's just not right.
i've a dog. his name is spook.
i've a few that i've had since then.
sure. i'll have to get my parents permission first.
my brother and i live on the farm so its a farm life for us
i am sure you will be ok. i hope you do.
hi i live in new jersey and love country music
she does, and she loves the holidays.
do you get to play any instruments?
awesome, i've a dog she likes to play with.
music is nice. i like country music. what is your favorite movie?
well, i have never built anything, so maybe it could be done.
what do you do? i play a lot of instruments and i've been for 10 years
yes, i play monopoly. do you play any other games?
i've a fear of heights, do you have any?
i would have to ask him. i am afraid of water
nice! i've a keyhole for my purple watermelons.
i've never done that before, i'd love to learn
nothing much, i garden a lot and am afraid of water
my wife is a doctor, so purple is her favorite color
that is scary! do you have a pet?
hi, i am doing well, thank you.
i have 2 kids, both girls, and love them very much
well, i am trying to do my part
that is cool, what do you do for fun?
that is not good at all. you should try to get a job at a bank
i like to read a lot
do you like cooking? i love cooking
hello, my name is jordan, and i'm a veterinarian
that is a good goal. i love reading, i read about 1000 books a year.
i am sorry but i am a vet and i can not allow that.
i'm 34 years old. what about you?
no video games. i love to play board games.
i am studying psychology. it is very interesting.
nothing. i live in california but i grew up there originally.
i am a fan of rpgs myself
hi, i'm ok. i'm singing in a choir.
oh my! that is sad! i hope they don't have a wedding this year.
what is your sales partner like? i am trying to find a job.
i work in it and help out the people
i'm not much into sports, i prefer food.
i have a lot of respect for vegans. they are fighting the good fight!
i also love softball and singing. do you like it?
you should! i love teaching, even though it is very difficult at times.
hi. just relaxing with my turtle.
that is sad! what do you do for a living?
i'm not. they're insects that live in the sky
that is very true. what is your favorite sport?
i have to ask my parents, but they live far away.
i am sorry to hear that. i like to meet new people too.
my turtle tim is a fav. of mine as well!
yes i have two boys and three girls. do you?
i am fine, and you?
that sounds fun, i like to make my own clothes, do you?
it is, i also have a dog walking business
i do! i also have a dog walking business.
i like to sing folk songs. i love them
that is good, what is your favorite subject
it is a mixture of both.
do you live on a farm?
it sure is, i love it here. i love quilts.
my favorite band is aerosmith, do you like music?
that is a great place to live.
yes, it is great. i love to travel. do you enjoy america travel?
i understand. i also like to make my own quilts
they really are, they have been here for generations
it is. the cold also makes it hard to learn new things
oh i love to read. and video games.
i'm not much into reading as i am more of a comic book guy myself.
i've a dog too and she is very spoiled.
wow! what do you do for fun?
oh that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
that's cool! what do you like to do for fun?
in florida, what about you?
yes, but i do love dogs. do you?
i am doing great, i just got done getting my nails done!
that is a good class. i am on a cut.
i like to play with my toys, i am on a diet now
i love the beach as well. i also love horses
i am getting married in the spring so hopefully horses
i love horses and do they help you on a diet?
that's great. i love italian foods, especially lasagna.
my favorite is papaya
i am good, how old are you?
what kind of music do you play?
that is cool. i only have one leg, but i can still play
it is a change but i am still in the military
i am well, how about yourself?
thank you. you are right. i am a weird old man
three. i have two older kids. i like to watch the kids.
yeah that's why i only have one leg.
i am good. i'm just watching a movie. how about you?
i'm, i love trucks, i have 7 children
what is your disability?
that is great! i like to read. do you knit?
i like country music the best! what kind of music do you like?
i love to read mystery books. do you?
yeah its a farm so we have tons of fresh veggies to eat!
california, but i grew up there.
hello. my name is rob and i love cooking but i also enjoy gardening.
well i'm sure they'd like you to if you talked to them.
oh nice! i work in insurance and i don't like my job
haha what is it?
i've been working since i was sixteen years old, how old are you?
i'm a nurse so i understand
thanks for caring
wow, mexican food is the best
yes, i will have to get out of here.
you should try it. i love to eat granola. i don't eat fish.
my wife and i are both doctors. we are very busy.
granola. i love that stuff.
i eat it for breakfast every day.
i do! and i love pizza! my son and i go to the local place near the aquarium
i really dislike corn. i hate it.
i am watching my son eat some granola! what is your favorite color?
i'm doing great. how are you?
awesome! i wish i had the talent. my eyes are brown.
cool! i'm a bodybuilder myself.. do you like to read?
i love to go to the gym. i am a professional bodybuilder.
you are lucky. i live with my little sister and her husband.
i like red and blue. red is my favorite color.
i'm a big fan of rick and morty, myself.
that is so sad. do you have any siblings?
i am well, how about yourself?
i am a model and i model cars. what do you do?
oh wow, you are a dedicated person.
i'd love to have kids. i've been single for 5 years now.
that is nice. i work model and sing in my free time.
i've been here all my life.
i am a model and i model clothing.
wow! lucky dude! do you work?
i am doing great, how about yourself?
i am sorry to hear that. i love walking my dog and reading about it
i work at a book shop
i like to walk
do you have any pets?
no, i live in a house
i like to walk. i really enjoy it.
i am sure you will get there. i love italian food and i travel a lot
i'm good. i've been at the same job for years, and i hate cats
he is an insane man who has taken over my life.
how long have you been a nurse?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. maybe i should try being a nurse instead
yes but i'd rather play with my cats
i like soccer, but my dad does not. he says i'm weird.
oh wow, i wish i had some time off. my dad keeps me busy.
those are fun. i like cooking.
i'm great. just came back from my trip to north dakota
hi. i am eating kosher food. i love it.
i love to travel. i have traveled to all over the world.
we did play jazz when i was in kentucky. what do you like to do?
that is cool! i've never run but i'd love to.
i'm jewish and study languages in north dakota
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope you find someone more fulfilling in your life
nope just a friend. i've never married before.
hello. i'm doing well. what about you?
i'm in puerto rico and you?
i was forced to marry when i was a. i was born in puerto rico.
i love to bake cookies for a family.
no. i don't like music. i don't listen to any music.
i have never seen it. i have heard good things though.
what are you studying? i work in the army.
i try. i am a nice person too.
good and yourself? i am josie from north carolina
what kind of music do you listen to?
that is cool, i love horror movies!.
my mom was a teacher, but now i'm a housekeeper.
you have to finish school if you want to work in the music industry.
i live in new jersey, near new jersey college.
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i am sure they do. what kind of movies do you like to watch?
good, how are you?
wow! my dad was a doctor too!
wow, i drive a bmw, i love driving cars, but i need to shop for
i like cooking too but i am going to medical school next year
yes i am excited i am going to college for it next year
i want to be a nurse
what do you want to study in college?
i go to auburn so i guess you can understand my struggle
i am good and you?
i love to cook but i also enjoy reading
i don't know the name of it, but i do own two cats and a dog
what is your secret?
my dog and i love to play with our toys, do you have pets?
good night! do you like to read
no. i'm fat. i eat a lot of candy.
yeah, i've a lot of free time.
nope, no allergies. i just love to travel and be outside.
my parents had a cow and i was raised on a horse ranch
do you like the food i make, i am a real estate agent.
yep, i do a lot of work outdoors to keep me warm
yes, my kids, both of them. and yes, i do
what do you like to do for fun
well i was hoping you would help me
i work as an environmentalist, i also go to the college of mississippi
hey, my name is jess. how are you
i am sorry to hear that. maybe you should try playing some games
yes i am afraid so. what do you do for work
all the time, do you play any
i'm a gamer myself. do you build or paint?
i am a student. i want to make it big
it does but i am so shy i don't say anything.
i play a lot of fps, especially on the xbox one
it is going well! just relaxing after a long day of work.
i like anything with meat on it, lol
i do as well. my husband and i were both farmers growing up.
oh really that's interesting, how many kids do you have?
i like to collect antiques and i do that a lot
that is cool! my husband and i are going to have a big house. do you have any
the minor league.. i am a singer and i love the instrument.
i'm doing good. just got back from eating pizza. how about you?
i do, i am a waitress. what do you do?
that is okay. my older sister is an author, she wrote a book about six years ago.
oh wow, i'm sorry to hear that. i only eat pizza with my family
that's cool. i like my job because i love it and its rewarding
lol, i will! what is your favorite food?
do you have any sisters? mine is named spook
oh really. what do you do?
hi, doing well. yourself?
i do, i also like to dance and sing
that is not a nice thing to say. i have cats too. they're very sweet.
well i do like dancing and i do like cats.
wow that's impressive. are you married?
yes i love the walking dead and the walking dead spin offs.
i also like dancing and singing. do you like to do that
i've seen them all. what are your hobbies?
hi i'm from italy. i am studying to be a nurse
they have great italian, we have italian food here, do you like to travel much?
that is funny because i love sweets, i also like to travel
what is your favorite type of chocolate? mine is chocolate
why not? i love it there, i love walking
that is great! i want to read about it some day
do you like it? i travel a lot with my pet dog
i'm doing good how are you
i am vegan and listen to rap
it is a great game but i don't play it enough
work at a bank, but i am a vegan
oh wow, that's cool. you are a dedicated professional?
pretty good just relaxing listening to some music
i love rap music! do you have brothers and sisters?
yeah i understand
good, and yourself?
my mom passed away before i was born. she is an avid kayaker
it was. she's in my life now.
you should go to north dakota
it is nice to travel there, i like to sing songs from it.
that is cool! do you have any pets? i've a cat and a dog!
france is nice. i was there for business school.
it was a beautiful country. i hope to go there one day.
i'm fine. i just got back from a nice long walk. how are you?
that is cool! what kind of music? i'm working on a project for my school.
yes i do, i am an engineer. do you have any hobbies?
it is in spain. where do you live?
not yet. but my next trip will be vegan.
i understand. what do you do for a living?
i eat bacon, and i speak english. i don't have to speak
i like bach, my favorite, and i also like eating bacon
hi, mine is larry my robot friend
cool! i'm playing robot tennis with my best friend right now.
i like any music. what about you?
yeah, i'm homeschooled. i am only 16.
yeah, i love to skateboard down the street
yeah i understand, i'm a home schooled kid and we don't have time for much fun
maybe he likes the sun. my blue eyes are very soothing
i'm doing good. how are you?
i am so sorry. what did you do?
that sounds fun, i don't have time to read much, i love to spend time with my
haha! that is funny! i love that show!
i know. it is a good show. do you have pets?
yes! i think that would help me feel better about myself.
i have to watch my shows because my husband and i are homebody
i love to watch documentaries. i also like sports.
good. just got back from volunteering at the homeless shelter.
i'm listening to simple plan, who are you?
pet shop, i work out of town this week, but am back on the road in a month
do you enjoy your work? i work at a shelter, it is pretty lonely.
well, that is a very good reason reason to have pets
i am glad it is not just me. animals are better than people.
i m a too, i just started working as a volunteer at the homeless shelter.
hey. i love candy. what is your favorite kind?
i do! my favorite is vanilla! what about you?
i love soccer as well, i play every week.
i am still in high school. what do you do for work?
i am not much into sports. i work in a shipyard.
i work for a company that rents old homes.
do you like to travel?
i am fine thank you. what are you up to today?
that's why i don't watch it. it is a little too real for me.
that is great, i have a golden retriever named gingorge.
oh, that's funny, i have a golden retriever named ginger.
i am a model, but my boyfriend cheated and left me.
i am not really sure. i am just a collector.
i'm not really into american politics. i'm more of a car guy.
yes, i love them! do you have any hobbies?
hello, i'm good. and you?
i just started my new job.
what do you model? i sing.
i like singing too! do you like new kids on the block? i love it.
i like to be alone, but i sing bad karaoke.
nope, i don't want any.
what is it like? do you like to travel?
i'm a model, and i do model work.
i'm good! just watching horror movies. you?
oh that's rough, i am sorry.
i enjoy horror movies.
wow! that is awesome. are you a good nurse?
anywhere but here. i'm hoping to go to school here.
i have no parents. i am a professional singer.
horror movies. she is very traditional while my husband and i prefer to be more
well, i am a music teacher, so anything that involves music.
i did. i was there too. i love that band.
i am a teacher so i love to play the piano, guitar and sing!
haha nice! i work as a librarian, but i also like to play pool!
she is my older sister, she is in college too.
i work at a shelter and it is hard for me to stay healthy, especially since my age.
mexican food. do you have any pets?
that sounds amazing! i don't like seafood at all.
i love working with the animals in the animal shelter. they love my shrimp.
hello, how are you doing today?
oh wow, that's exciting, i live in a large city.
that's nice, i work in a supermarket in new york
i am in california, near a major city.
it is very enjoyable. what do you like to do?
no, i'm not very good at singing, do you like taylor swift?
i used to be good, but my singing has dropped off lately.
being a horse. i love horses
i love to read and i also like to play chess. do you like to play sports?
not really, i like hip hop. my favorite is taylor swift.
sci fi mostly. do you like sci fi?
rabbits are beautiful. i want to visit r rabbits sometime.
twenty. i want to write books about myself.
no, i don't like dragons. i think they're scary.
awesome, i'm a huge fan of any and all sorts of media
i have a couple of jobs that i like to keep to myself.
i'm doing pretty good how are you?
that sounds delicious! i love to eat ice cream!
that's cool. i like to eat frozen veggies.
i watch tv and eat ice cream sandwiches while eating my favorite food
that's cool! i love to watch movies and tv! i love nature
i don't like the idea of working from home. it does not suit me.
i love to watch movies. what do you do for work?
i love both, especially jazz. do you?
i like to read a bit of everything. i like to read about cats and babies.
i am married and have two kids
yep. i'm very well off
no i don't have pets, i am single and have two kids
i love to travel, i travel a lot, i'm going to be a pediatrician
not yet. i have 2 kids who would love to see me fix them.
yes i do, i have 2 kids and a husband
i am well. how are you doing?
do you like dogs
i do. i also like nature walks
thanks but i'm not religious at all. what about you?
oh, you are patient zero
oh ok i see what you mean now
yes, i've one too. i have 2 dogs. they're awesome.
interesting! i'm afraid of heights but don't have a problem with them
yes i love classical music. i also play a lot of call of duty.
no i'm not a mermaid, i'm a guy who lives on a boat
that would be interesting, do you have a job?
no, but my sea creatures are my friends.
i eat a lot of bacon and seafood so you should too!
you could always bake cookies. or bake brownies
oh. that is a good fear to have.
i'm well, how are you?
i've two cats and a puppy
what are you allergic to?
yeah, i work late too. it is hard sometimes
no, i was too busy with my second job.
do you like to travel much
i like to play video games and take pictures of my pets on my second life.
oh, okay. my sister is also mixed.
you must like country music. i like rock music
what do you like to sing about?
that is very nice of you. i live with my sister, who is also a dog.
wow. how old are you now?
i can drive a tractor. i am mixed race. i just got back from my aunt's grave
i am sure. i am mixed, so that may help.
that's nice. do you have pets?
i'm great. just got home from law school. you?
i am doing law in college. i am graduating in two years
ok. what state are you in?
i like animals, do you have any?
that's cool, do you enjoy your new home?
oh, well, what kind of things do you like to study?
well, i am no fish, so i don't know!
yes, i like to relax.
good. just got back from working out. you?
what do you do?
it is a lot of work, and i love it.
that is great, i am a musician, i play a lot of instruments.
i agree, i love to work out and cook my favorite food, i love horses
i live in the rural area, where horses are native and i enjoy working walking.
i love working with horses!
i love working out with my horses.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am sorry. i just bought my first car. i am on a diet.
that's cool. i don't have many friends
i work nights at a car dealer and my favorite food is pizza
i'm a good cook too, i eat healthy
my father used to sell cars to make money. i don't like horses.
no but i could get you a horse
that s so sweet! what state are you in?
yes, i'm a red cross volunteer. what do you do?
i volunteer at the red cross. it is where i get all my medicine.
i volunteer at a local green loving club.
i volunteer at the local red cross. i have a ton of teddy bears.
it was fun growing up.
i'm a nurse. what do you do for work?
i am, but it pays the bills!
do you volunteer at all?
hello, my husband has a big farm and i help him.
nice! i have a job, i run a big business
i'm a homebody who enjoys reading and appreciating nature.
well, that is a fact.
i like teddy too! i have 2 little ones.
that is sad. maybe you can get one for yourself.
my husband is a doctor. i'm not allowed to have a woman unless i have a doctorate
yeah i hope so, i am hoping my husband will let me have a large family.
i am good. how are you?
i am listening to new nirvana. how about you?
not really, i prefer nirvana. i like music, too!
yeah i like nirvana too but they are not my favorite.
you should. it is good for you.
i love running, i am a professional.
what is your favorite music? mine is nirvana
i like to run and play music too.
i am well, just finished a paper due tomorrow. how about you?
i am afraid of spiders and snakes. i cannot have any kids.
i am actually married and no kids just yet, i'm afraid of spiders and snakes
that's awesome, i'm not married but have two kids
i'm a girl, so my makes it hard to find a job.
i am sorry to hear that, do you skate by any chance?
that is so sad. what do you do for a living?
i love travis scott, he is my favorite
oh wow, what is your favorite food?
do you live in the us? i live in alaska
no, but i do have a dog, charlie
what a lucky couple. do you like dogs?
i just got back from a visit to europe, i am so excited, do you have any
well that's good. i have a dogs and sisters
yeah. i have to stay fit so i can go hunting, but i like to read as well
i like to play card games and go gambling. you?
i have a dog and 3 kids
do you have a lot of pets
i am a custodian for now. i like to keep my head down and do my best.
no, but i do have a dog. do you have kids?
it can be done. you have to paint them however you want.
i used to play when i was younger. now i'm a stay at home dad
yeah, same to you. you seem nice.
great! just got back from a workout. how about you?
i'm going to study for an arctic survival course
i am actually studying to be a geologist. i love the ocean.
that's cool. you could go on vacation there, too.
that sounds great. do you have any pets?
yes i'm studying to be a elementary school teacher
i like rap music. who is your favorite?
how so? i don't listen to rap
what are the names of your daughters
that is nice of you to do so. do you have any hobbies?
i am not married but my husband and i do like to cook and eat chips
my mom and dad were both teachers, i love to skate and they taught me to.
yes, my mom is a cancer survivor
that's okay, i have my own dad
yes i don't like chips either
skateboard, i was born and raised in the us
i am good, how about you?
oh, you should watch the news, it is very interesting
i am afraid not. maybe someday
it is traditional in japan to eat a raw fish and baked potato.
i have 2 boys
that's not a lot of kids. my father has a large family and i work out almost everyday
i am vegan and i love my husband.
hi. doing great. just chillin with my friends.
that's cool. i am in law school too.
i have to study so i can go play sports
do you live with your parents?
no, but my mom is and i'm in love with her
rollercoasters and sky diving are my favorites.
i play basketball. i'm pretty good at it
no i don't. do you?
i am going to school too! what do you do?
that sounds like fun, i like to surf and skate too!
you are very brave.
i can imagine! i don't know how many restaurants are going to open there.
i'm not either but my model name is leigh so you better watch out
i like food. i don't like singing.
me too. my model name is charlotte.
that is nice. i just got back from a week of shopping for me and my husband.
oh no. i hope it is not as cold here as it is here.
yeah, i like the color blue a lot.
that's cool, what is your favorite hat?
i understand. i do you like to cook? i do. my boyfriend and i cook sometimes.
i am in college and want to design dresses for clients.
my boyfriend and i were both there. he's a model, he.
that's a great way to think about it.
hello. i'm a christian and i love to go to church.
awesome, i'm not much of a hunter, i prefer church.
oh really? do you like sports? i like to watch nascar and ufc
i am a christian. i love the bible.
24. i am a father to three kids. how old are you?
i've three guns, i am hunting for them!
i am single and like to hunt. i am a hunter.
i'm not following any particular one but i love christianity.
i'm good i'm at school i just got in
no. i'm not old enough for that. i just want to be an actor.
i've a pet cat, his name is trooper.
i am in middle school so i can relate
yes they are. do you have any pets
i know, i'm going to college to be an actor.
yeah, but i hate cats, do you have any pets?
that's cool, i like the pink floyd song
hi! i love cats and my husband.
what is your fave activity? i like working out.
i am in california but my husband works nights at a nursing home.
cool. i am a father of 3 children.
i enjoy being a father. i have 3 kids. i love it.
yes there is. i need to find someone to take care of my kids.
i love the beach and the ocean. i am so lucky to have 3 children.
good. how about you?
i've never heard of it! i love it!
i don't drive, but i do sew and knit. i try to walk as much as i
i do like to eat quilts. i've some times.
do you like to listen to country music? i do that.
i've a dog walking business. i try to walk a mile every day.
yes. i've three cats and a puppy. i'm retired now too
yes! i want to take pictures of the animals, that's what i love about nature
mine is friday. what is yours?
i love rollercoasters and singing
you are so right about scotch. what movies do you like?
wow. that is scary. what kind of dog?
i love stories. i am hoping to write one for my children's elementary school.
i don't know but i hope to be rich and famous like jefferson
that would be great. do you like horses?
that's the way to do it. i don't want to talk about it though.
hi! playing some video games, and you?
i like playing online. i play a lot of call of duty
that would be a nice change of pace. i am building a house.
that is a good goal. i am a carpenter, my wife and kids would love to work
yes they all like playing pobox with me.
oh, that is bad. are there any other animals that you don't like?
i'm only 16. what is your name?
yes. i am a believer... in magic...
i like to play with dolls and play with my friends on the playground
i've been playing video games all day.
i do like animals, especially the ocean.
i'm a music teacher, i've taught over 1000 children. you?
i like to fish as well. i also like to cook.
yes i do, i like to listen to music while i work.
oh, i'm into pop music. do you listen to any specific artists?
i like to read, and some of it is political.
i don't listen to it much, i read a lot of books as well
i like the idea of exercise
my wife has kids too. i'm old. i'm only 23
oh. i watch tv all night, and read a lot of books
do you work in it? i work in it and care deeply about what people say about me.
i work in it and watch the news, i care deeply about it
i'm the same way. i love the news. do you have kids?
i like to read. i'm going to be a kindergarten teacher. what about you?
what kind of computer do you have?
i am in alabama, how about you?
what do you do for work
i was homeschooled for a few years so i was sheltered
get up early and get to make something
what grade are you in?
what is computer? i teach home school
it is going well how are you
i'm a big author. i write a lot of books.
i like to write about my love for cats and coffee.
i do like to run. i write some of my best books on the road
no, but i love dogs. i have 2 cats and a puppy
i like cats too! i have two.
i like going to concerts and i'm an author myself
no but i've a weakness for cats
hello! i'm well, just finished working out.
i have a dog and a cat. i don't care about animals.
oh nice, do you have any pets?
no i didn't write that, just an author!
that is cool! i like movies. do you? i do. do you like dogs?
don't like cars. dogs are nice though!
cheeseburgers are my favorite food, and i love burgers!
it was fun chatting with you! i read playbooks and i love to read playbooks!
hi. how are you? i'm fine thanks to god.
no i am sorry. i ate the spider
oh wow. my parents were also black widows. i was very young when it happened.
i am a stay at home dad and i live in california but i also like to travel
my father is a dentist. he passed away two years ago.
i write sci fi too. it is my calling. i am not married but have a kid
oh i'm sure you will, do you enjoy it?
just relaxing, i am afraid of spiders.
no. i am just a single dad with two kids.
you should. it will help you find a husband.
not really, i stay busy with my gardening and cooking.
i'm from the land down under.
i'm afraid to say i'm a sci fi author
oh i see, i was afraid of spiders.
yes, i'm a blogger and freelancer. what about you?
i love the color yellow, it is so pretty.
wow! that's amazing. i teach nursing at a local hospital.
cats are cool, dogs are not. i don't like them.
i work at a local restaurant chain. how about you?
my dad used to use to use c in cooking. do you cook?
my dad is a cop. he keeps me in line.
my cats don't like chicken. my dad cooks in a house.
that would be nice. but i'd rather have a cat.
hi, i am doing well, you?
i am single so no worries there. just want to cook
i love dogs but cats are nice too
i like dogs too but my wife has a fear of heights
i am single so i cannot have a boyfriend
i love to cook, do you have kids?
i want to be a chef. what do you want to be when you grow up?
well i am single so i don't think i need too much
i am good, just got home from a walk.
i am at home with my daughter. i just got home from school.
i live in china. do you have any hobbies?
i like to make little houses with boxes and play with blocks.
it is a gamble. do you like to play with blocks?
maybe you should try. what do you do for a living?
i'm not. i'm homeschooling my children.
three kids. i am expecting twins in two months.
horror movies. my mom taught me.
i love horror movies too! my favorite is scarface
i'm from south carolina
nice, i graduated from usc with a degree in economics.
i'm a teacher at the south carolina college of art
i love music. my parents were farmers.
i'm from charlotte but i grew up there
just practicing my lawyer impression
i bet that would be fun to watch.
i've been working on it for a year now. it is a big project.
finance. i am a law student. you?
i'm a senior in high school, so maybe another 2 years?
anywhere that will help me to have a family
that's great. you should travel a lot. i love law.
yes. it will help me to find a family that values me.
its okay. i work in a factory.
i do garden work. i like the purple color.
you should! it is a great way to give back.
that is great. i love to garden, i've a lot of purple and green plants
it is dangerous, my mom works there and i work in a factory
i'll be sure to thank you for that.
i'll try. i do like gardening though. i have some purple roses.
i'm a teacher, i'm busy all the time. how about you?
that is cool what do you do for fun
that's a nice color! i like rap music
i run everywhere to find roses.
i am studying education, what do you do?
yes it is, and i'm an undergrad at a school that offers tuition reimbursement.
i don't drink soda. i go to a lot of concerts and play sports.
i'm doing well thank you. how are you doing?
i am retiring soon, wish me luck.
that's a hard field to get in. i hope it is easier now.
dogs can't listen to music. i have a cat and listen to music while i work
not really. i work as an assistant at a restaurant.
how sweet. i'm thinking about retiring in 5 years
where do you live? i am in ohio.
i am going to a barbeque. i am looking forward to retiring in five years.
great, just got home from a walk with my cats and i am ready to work
i love animals, both cats and dogs.
i have two dogs
yeah, what do you like to do in your spare time
yes. i've 3 cats. 2 dogs and a turtle
oh yeah. i have a dog walking business.
i'm going to the store to buy some dog food, what do you do?
i can drive my dad to the store with me. i live in ohio
i'm good, how are you?
that is great! i also like to work on the computers.
i read alot of poetry too. do you have any favorite books?
i like sci fi, action, and horror.
i work in an office and am a secretary.
i like playing soccer and studying. i am a graduate student!
that sounds like fun, i love to make sponges for a party
that is so creative!
hello i am well, what do you do for work?
nice. i've never been there. i love carpenter. what do you do?
as a hobby, i enjoy building and fixing boats.
i'm sorry about that. what did you girlfriend do?
i love carter, he has 3 and i love pizza.
ah, i have to keep playing to keep my smile, my wife hates
oh my goodness, the cold. i just bought a house there!
baking cookies! i used to make them while i was working as a carpenter.
i hope so. i am going to hairdresser school.
yes. i make enough money to live on. i eat it all.
my grandma used to cut my hair. she hated it.
i've a dog that eats granola. do you have pets?
that sounds like fun. i love to eat for breakfast every day
i try to stay in shape, since i'm a professional. i workout every day.
i agree! i am going to hairdressers school
hi. i'm doing great. enjoying the sun today.
oh, that is great! i love the beach, especially at night.
what are your hobbies? i am always on the go.
i have played on it before. i love it!
you are very generous.
i bet he does. do you like dogs?
i would love to see that! drive him crazy!
he sounds very entitled.
hello joanna i am kate here.
do you like to watch football on tv
do you have a favorite holiday?
i wish i could dye hair! my mom did that for me!
horror movies are great. what are you into?
that's funny. i do hair stylizing and i also have 3 dogs
i'm a dog walker. do you like dogs?
i know, my dogs love it, so do i, 3 of them
hi! i'm eating tofu for lunch, i like to eat it raw.
i'm a stay at home dad with a son who is in high school.
no, i am retired and like to hike.
five? are you a vampire?
my dad also retired, and he's in the army.
i enjoy hiking and camping. and listening to music.
rock music, country, classical music.
i enjoy hiking and camping.
i am good. i just watched the movie ten times.
do you like movies? i love the movie titanic.
no. my boyfriends favorite is rascal flats. what is yours?
nice. my father was in world war 2, so i love animals.
you should get a dog.. i have a golden retriever, she's a mutt.
how old are you? i turned 18 yesterday.
i do. i've seen all the movies.
hi. i'm doing well thanks. i just got back from a walk with my four siblings and
i'm going to school as well. i am just at a juvenile detention center
i am currently at school.
i have two older siblings that are also 5 and 6.
coffee. i prefer water. i have three siblings.
i understand. i love music too. my parents have a huge collection.
you should learn to swim.
i am currently studying music in school.
no, i am only 34. i love horse racing, and am an avid collector.
well, you are an interesting individual.
horses are awesome, my favorite to have around.
well, i can only speak to animals, do you have any pets?
i have to deal with the bee stings.
i love britney spears. she has a great voice!
i like to make banana bread. it is high in fiber.
hello. i'm a woman, with two kids. do you like movies?
that sounds exciting! i'm afraid of spiders and snakes, do you like to read?
that is great! what is your major
i'm. do you have any children?
i'm in my thirties, so i guess about ten years.
that is great! i am not married, but have 2 kids.
i am sorry to hear that. my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
that is great! i have two dogs and a cat.
i am a professional dog walker.
that is a lot of walking!
i like to eat healthy.
do you have any pets?
no, but i own two cats. i have two dogs too.
my cat is called susie and i love her too! do you have any pets?
no i just like to read play books
hi! i am good. i am watching the office.
i'm a big fan of the office and italian food
i was, like, 4 when i first came to the states.
that is very late. do you like to travel?
i'm 27
it is a secret. i'm still a student.
no. i am single and miserable.
how long has it been?
hi. i am well. i'm listening to music from my big stereo. how are you?
i love hiking and camping.
no, and nope. i'm only 40.
that's a good way to look at things.
i like cooking and i am a pro baker.
what kind of music do you like?
what is your favorite food?
i am retired and living the great life.
i am great how about you?
do you have a favorite sports team?
reading and sports! what about you?
i love cooking as well. i used to be a pastry chef but now i spend my time singing
i'm not. i'm a college graduate.
well, i am a graduate student. so i'm a professional.
that is good! are you married?
i like sports but not softball. i love to read books about it
i work for the government, what about you?
i am so glad you are here
that's so nice of you, how long have you been in there
that is great. i also like to read books about it
wow that is impressive
i don't travel. i am always walking my dog.
i love to read, and yes it is!
hello, i'm doing great. how about yourself?
i don't sing, but i can model. i love wearing heels and leggings.
you should learn to. it is an art.
i have not heard of her.
i work in the fashion industry, model, act. do you like music?
you should learn! i love to sing.
i grew up there and i love it here.
i grew up in california, i love new york.
i'm getting ready to watch the olympics!
just hanging out with my sister and dog. you?
i live in alabama, so we don't get many nice beaches.
i love the beach, i go there all the time.
i'm sorry too. i was adopted at a young age and they had to take me.
my mom passed away when i was young. she was a nurse.
i like pizza. and i don't like chicken
good. just got off work, how are you?
how are you? what is going on with you?
that is very cool. do you have any pets?
i don't believe in god, i am a practicing attorney
that's cool, i've a dog, his name is spook
that is good. i'm from oklahoma. i am afraid of heights.
i am also a lawyer
i am good. i just came back from a long day of work.
i am a engineer and work at a research facility
that sounds really cool. what kind of work do you do? i'm an engineer.
i like classical. what do you do for work?
i also like to eat bacon. i am an engineer.
i have a pet scorpion. they're really cute.
i hate to be honest, but i am also an engineer. what do you do?
that's what she said.
i am well. how are you?
both, i want to study as a graduate student
that's great what do you study
do you go to school
do you have any hobbies besides studying biology?
well i'm sure you are strong for a girl that big
oh okay. what do you like to do in your spare time?
hi! i am doing very well. just finished watching the olympics. you?
i love the zoo! i love children and my job.
that's awesome! i wish my parents had a zoo.
that is awesome, i'm very proud of you.
i am so sorry. i am so sorry. i'm glad you are safe.
i love hospitals! i'm so glad my husband is an olympian
i teach elementary school. what is your occupation?
mostly fun. i like to travel and teach.
mine is tangled. what about yours?
i'm mixed race so i guess that's why
do you own a yacht?
cool, i live on edris island. i am mixed race, so i love mixed martial arts
i'm only 4. i'll be 5 in a month.
no. i don't have time. i have a dance studio.
i love to dance and i don't mind being pet.
i am good, how are you?
oh wow! i am homeschooled, i don't have any pets!
i could, but i'm allergic to animals, so i cannot.
i see. i've a son who is in junior high school.
my parents were both home schooled. what do you do?
yes. i love the spotlight. do you?
well, i am going to school for homeschooling so i don't have time.
that is so sweet of you to do that.
hello, i am a cleaning lady at a research facility.
i like to paint, i am an artist. do you have hobbies?
i've two kids, they're so much fun, they don't play anymore.
they are! i just turned 30 years old.
being alone, and feeling isolated. what about you?
yes. i do. i also have a pet spider.
i am an animal activist and have painted cages for years.
hi. how are you? i am good. i just got done studying for a test.
i do, two cats. i love them both.
are you afraid of heights? i have three siblings
i love music i play it all the time at school
i love metallica, but i also listen to many different artists.
i like the music they sing.
do you have any siblings?
i work at a school. what do you do?
hi. i'm doing good. what are you doing?
nice, i have 6 siblings. what do you do?
i listen to alot of different types of music, but mostly rock.
i am also very good at running and eating pizza
no. i have 6 older sisters, and a younger brother
that's cool. i work in the insurance business
no, i don't like cars, i've one older sister
my older sister has a 2015 honda civic, she loves it.
tired, been all over the country. just got back from my leg training
i'm tired. i only have one leg. i used to be in the military.
she's a nice lady, i hope she brings you some.
i used to, but i am an old man and can not handle the heat.
that is great! i'm a little older than you, so i'm old enough to drive.
no, i don't. my only pet is my leg, it is so tired from carrying my
that's a lot of pets. do you like animals?
i'm sorry to hear that.
are you from the future?
i don't like chips that is my favorite color
do you live in a big city or small?
i work at a burger king, i love burgers!
i am a professional bluegrass singer and i hate chips
nah i was born with it
i'm still working at hollister, it was the easiest way to make money back then.
good. just had surgery and woke up with two dogs.
i just had surgery, so i don't eat anything but healthy.
i had a surgery and now i am a recluse.
thank you. do you play any instruments?
i have two dogs. they're great for a distraction.
sure. i don't have a computer, but i can make one.
yes. i love frisbees.
oh man, that is terrible! do you like frisbee?
good, you? my stories are always fun to read.
i have a cat and a dog. how about you?
i've never seen a husky. i've heard of them but never owned one.
do you like coloring?
agreed. i'm currently writing a book for a children's book club.
wow! sorry to hear that. is it bothering you?
that is awful. i am glad you are ok
no, but i'm a recovering alcoholic.
i am great. i love singing. do you?
that is good, what do you watch?
what do you do for a living
well that is fine. do you like music?
that's great what are your hobbies
oh that is cool i love cats and dogs
it is going well. just enjoying some books
dogs, both of my parents taught me to love them!
i am well. how about you?
no i am single. what about you?
congrats! i'm nervous about the whole job thing
not really we just like to hang out and talk
wow, that is pretty cool. do you have brothers?
yes it is but i have to do it. i'm a dad
i went to school in alabama. you?
that is nice. i grew up in ny.
i am sorry. i'm so sorry.
well, maybe you should find someone to settle down with.
yeah, that is true. i am 40 though.
i understand. i'm forty four so i spend a lot on food.
that sounds delicious!
i would love to have you and your kids
i am sure you are right.
i have seen a video where a robot fires a bottle of sauce
oh wow! congratulations. it is good. i think it will be good for you.
that is nice, i like being single as well
oh wow that's a big family
i'm sure you are right. do you have kids?
you should definitely get one! i've a ford pickup for work.
i'm not religious either but my ford pinto is a must.
oh electric cars have been in the works for years now, but i am not religious
that is awesome. my father is a electrician.
hi! i'm going to see my doctor next week!
i'm going to be a doctor, i want to help people
that is really cool. do you like to travel?
i do both! i want to become a doctor too!
i like to shop for shoes too.
rabbits are cute. do you have any pets?
what is your blog about?
you should get one then. i want to be a doctor
i work at a home depot, what about you?
i do. but i also enjoy watching tv, movies and listening to music
i don't have any pets, but i do enjoy watching tv and watching movies
i'm not sure, but i'd say they're supportive
oh wow, are they wealthy bankers?
my boyfriend loves pizza, i don't. i am more of a chili man
i've never seen that. what is it about?
i don't like the walking dead.
that is nice, i am allergic to fish.
that is nice, i am allergic to shellfish, but i'm a handyman.
on a mountain in colorado.
it is from a song by the who
i've never been, but sounds like fun!
i have a vintage mustang.
i like vintage cars.
i'm a handy man. i've five acres and i use it to read.
great just got back from the gym
orange, i am going to be a fashion designer
do you enjoy the outdoors?
no i am not. i am more of a christian
i'm the same way. my parents are very strict too.
that sounds like fun. i don't like sports
that is sad i'm so sorry
no, i am from new jersey, where are you?
i don't like to cook, i am an engineer. i speak english and french.
i prefer dark. i don't like the taste of milk.
i am an engineer. how about yourself?
sounds like a great job. i hate insects.
i studied music engineering. i want to go to law school.
i love to eat bacon.
that is awesome, i am an engineer, so we ate some food there.
i'm well! how are you?
yeah, i've 2 kids and a cat, i love them.
that is so precious! i'm so sorry you are in that state.
my kids love dogs! my grandkids are older than me. i'll adopt them.
i work as a nurse. it is challenging.
me too! i make pizza rolls and garlic bread. do you like pizza rolls?
what kind of music do you listen to?
i'm sure you will!
hi i am from chicago and my boyfriend and i are playing a game of ping pong
do you like dogs? i've a lab named max and a pit bull named trooper.
do you like dogs? i've a dog named max.
wow. i am glad it was cosmetic surgery.
that is awful! what happened?
yes, i am glad you are a student. i am a student too. i just finished h
i love to travel and travel the world.
i love to explore new parts of the country.
hi, good just getting ready for work in the morning
sorry to hear that. is your sister a dog?
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you are doing well.
do you read? i love to read about travel.
not much. i just finished a huge long walk.
i have been there, but it was too hot. i want to go again
interesting. what do you do in your spare time?
i live in arizona. where do you live?
oh, i am not familiar with that state.
i'm from italy. what about you?
that is what we should strive for.
bush. i think he's pretty smart.
she's a good person, you should listen to her.
do you like to cook or read?
i'm sure you would be amazed at just how much more they can do with computers.
good. just relaxing with some poetry.
i like to draw, do you like that
that's cool, i like the stickers, do you have a favorite?
i read poetry for a living, do you like that
i live in north carolina, i hike all over the country
oh, you are a smart cookie. do you have hobbies?
oh ok, what did you do?
you have a safe good night to you
hi randy, i am fine thanks. just taking a break from my math homework.
oh wow! i like music. i'm single and have 2 boys.
you'd be surprised, my accountant husband takes after me.
do you like music? i play country music
oh nice. i am in ohio. where do you live?
cleveland is nice but i love hiking in my honda civic.
oh yeah? what is your favorite food?
that is nice to hear. i am single with two boys.
i am doing well, thank you. i'm on a farm, how about you?
blue is pretty. i like mystery as well
i don't know much about instruments. i'm a tractor farmer.
i'm not a huge reader, but i like to read. what do you do?
i am a huge blue moon fan! what kind of truck do you drive?
sure, i like mystery stuff, like what is going on in the world.
i like blue, i wish i could grow another one
they are like my children but i never saw them.
i am doing well thanks. you?
nope, just a stock broker. what about you?
wow you must be very fit.
that's awesome, i like kids a lot, what do you like to do
yep, i'm a fisherman myself. do you like dogs
yes, do it, i do and you will be amazed
my dogs name is charlie
wow! i was a stock broker back in the day
i'm great, how are you doing?
well do you like sports? i love sports!
that's so interesting, what do you want to study in college?
i am a sophomore
no, i'm only a girl so no pets.
i like white labs. what color do you want?
yes, he's very affectionate. what do you do?
haha. i'm still in college. i want to go to college to become a dog trainer.
sure. how about a game of monopoly?
oh that's nice. i've never been to a vet
my brother just got married. what color is your quilt?
that would be amazing. what would the quilt be made of?
no. i like cats. i just finished a biographies.
that is good. do you like to read a lot?
sure, what are you into?
great, how are you today
that would be nice. i drive a big truck for a living.
what do you do? i have 7 kids, that is plenty for me
i don't. i grew up on a farm so i have a lot of childhood memories.
i grew up in the agriculture business. i am a farmer, and we have 7 children.
that's nice what do you do now?
i will have 7 children in 5 years
i am just reading a book on time travel
yes! i am currently in school teaching. i like music. do you like music?
i have a dog and 4 siblings
i like music too. it reminds me of the time i was in school
my family has four children, so it is quite overwhelming.
no, but i work in the food service field
thank you. i try to eat clean. do you cook?
music, my siblings and i sing folk music.
harriet is a dog. i've four.
i'm good, how are you today?
oh no, not at all. i am a man and hate being still.
i don't have a lot of time for worry. i build robots that serve as my personal army
i'm 40. i don't like it. i am going to retire in a few years.
that is a great hobby. i love to build things with my hands
that sounds fun. i am not a knit fan, but my hands are free.
what do you like to do in your spare time?
wow. i bet she is proud.
i am thinking spaghetti with black olives and olives on it.
that sounds like an awesome plan. i am going to use it to decorate my house.
that sounds like fun, i wish i was there for the war!
i love quilts. i do them while i am in the hospital.
no, but i've heard its a beautiful place.
i do and they're great.
i don't either. she loves to quilt.
that's cool. i am not much of a reader, only read a book once a week.
hi. just cooking some food for the fire.
wow, sounds like a lot of work.
i am in college. what about you?
what type of music do you like?
i love meat and meat eaters.
i love that. i love taking pictures of my stereo too.
yeah, i like the outdoors as well.
you are not alone. i think its boring.
i'm fine, i live with my boyfriend and he is a lawyer.
no, just my dog
i do write. i am going to law school
i used to write for a playboy
i love those. i am working on a law review.
i'm studying to be a lawyer
i have a dog named max and a cat named maximus
well i am a law student so i like to travel
i love to work on my new shiny new car. it's a rolls royce ghost.
oh wow are you a woman or a boy
that is great! i just had my nails done
i just got my nails done
my dad sold cars. he has a car dealership.
my dad has a car salesman business. i love going to the beach.
i think they are pretty cool too. do you have any kids?
i would love to go to college
great! i'm just practicing my bird law.
i'm sorry, but that's okay. i am too scared to ask my religious beliefs.
i practice bird law. do you practice law
rabbits are very beautiful animals. i am afraid of heights so i have two dogs.
that sounds very spiritual
i live in oklahoma with my dog and two cats.
yes i do. do you have pets?
i am 13 and i like to go to school
middle school is tough, i had to drop out
i want to be rich and famous!
i'm a little older than you but i love classic cars like you do
i am in the military.
i'm not much of a cook i do know how to cook though
well i'm a hunter myself, what else would you want
that sounds great! do you hunt at all?
hello, i'm feeling pretty average today.
nice. i like to walk my dog, she's a lab
i like that idea
i do love my gardening.
i have a big garden full of veggies
carrots are so pretty! i love to eat them, especially in the garden.
oh, i am in a garden. do you have hobbies?
i am great. i'm five feet tall and i love music.
i do surf a lot too, i have a brother and three sisters.
that is a nice way to spend your day.
nice! i'm not so sure about that, but maybe.
i've a cousin that is 5 feet. do you?
that's cool! i live in canada.
wow that's awesome. what kind of music?
i want to be a fashion designer
what are you studying? i'm studying to be a designer
that's awesome. i hope you make it through law school!
i want children badly but i want to be a fashion designer.
that would be very nice.
he agreed to do it. it was a nice guy.
the judge threw the case out. my boyfriend was found not guilty.
no, but i had to go to jail for a year.
hi i am in seattle and i am a kindergarten teacher. what about you?
i am in college. i am still in high school.
i see, what kind of art?
that's a good skill to have. art is important
what is your favorite kind of movie?
i am sorry you don't feel better. i am happy for you.
i agree. i teach kindergarten and people say i'm too young to study
stickers are cool, i collect them at my local art gallery
that is nice. i don't drink soda.
i am single, so no kids for me.
i am sorry to hear that. i am divorced too.
nope. divorced and i'm single.
i have kids. i am divorced.
yes i work for ups as well
that is cool! what do you do for work?
not if i am to be believed! i am divorced, and i don't like being still.
i am. my girlfriend and i are moving into our new house.
i see. i am studying to be a lawyer
that's cool! do you have any hobbies?
that sounds fun. i live with a lot of my girlfriends and i have a dog.
very interesting. do you like to travel?
i do. i love traveling, so i travel a lot.
my parents are from somalia. do you have any pets?
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
no i don't. i love the mountains and have three cats and a puppy
i like the mountains near my house. i live near them.
i love to explore new places. i like to take my three cats with me.
do you have a pet?
i bet the cold would do that to you.
i am a teacher. so i love animals too.
do you have a pet
doing good, how about you?
that is wonderful. i live for a nice day on a sunny day.
sounds nice. i live in the country myself.
no pets, but i do have a brother and sister
no. i'm not rich, i spend my free time listening to music and playing video games.
well, i'm a stock broker. what do you do?
no, i don't like it, i work for a large bank.
hi. i am doing well. how are you?
oh wow, i don't have a lot of friends either.
no, i work at a pet shop.
that's cool, what do you do?
my father was a cop, he retired after i was born.
my dad was a cop. he taught me how to play the guitar.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm glad you are safe now.
that sounds cool. my dad used to be a cop.
i am studying to be a lawyer.
i am 24. what do you do?
that's cool. i don't travel much because i am studying.
they're fun but i like to go on adventures.
anything that involves roller coasters. and my dog max.
i'm so jealous too. we should go on adventures together!
someday i will be old enough to travel. maybe i can meet max.
hi, i'm watching the office with my kids. i am a mother of 2.
what city are you in?
that sounds amazing. i wish i had time to hike!
no, but i do love hiking.
no, not really. i spend most of my time working, which is why i don't like
yes, my boys like to run and play outside.
i am a single mom, i don't have much time for hobbies.
i love dancing. i do both work and free time.
sure, i am lucy.
it is good. what is your favorite type of pizza?
i work in an office. how about you?
i'm sure it is, i love it. do you work?
yes i am. i am married to a doctor.
i am not. i'm a soccer coach.
that's a great song, my favorite is lucy.
so what do you do for a living?
hi. i'm doing well. how are you?
that is pretty cool. i teach kindergarteners.
well i am in college teaching, but my cat is fine
economics, so i don't like animals. do you have any pets?
yes, but the cats were there so i had to help
i teach kindergarten. what do you teach?
i love to read, my cat likes to read too
i like the pizza, i make it when i'm bored.
good just binging on the lord of the rings
i've two jobs. one is as a professional wrestler and one as a hobby.
that's awesome. what is your favorite book?
i am a teacher and love the work i do
i've never been to a bookstore. i'd love to try it.
i am in college studying language arts
i've a job, i am a teacher
sure, i'll take you on a friday.
oh! well, i'm studying to be a lawyer. what do you study in school?
i love sardines! i eat them as a snack when i am bored.
i do enjoy them. how are you doing today?
they sure will! do you have a favorite color?
i am in law school, i studied law for a while. do you like lawyers?
i am sure you will have a great time.
i am doing well. just got done with work. how about you?
i like listening to classical music while i work.
i don't drink or smoke. i am a worker in a factory
that sounds like a wonderful job. do you have any hobbies?
oh really? i love animals. i am a bee keeper and i love animals.
no, i was born in germany.
yes i'm a farmer, i'm afraid of water though
what do you study in college?
i'm in florida reading a book
that is close. i used to work there. do you like it there?
i have two dogs and a cat, they're great.
i understand. i love dogs and my family used to have a cat sanctuary.
i have a dog named spiderman as well
it was a great time. do you like movies?
i am sure you are
it is fun. i used to work at a carnival
hello, i'm a real estate agent and hope to make it big some day.
horses are beautiful. i have two kids, and they love call me daddy.
cool. i'm going to have my kindergarten class this afternoon.
thanks. we have been traveling the world for the past 6 years.
do you have kids?
i'm in college and i'm still young.
i like to eat vegetables too.
he sure was. we spent summers working with him in the farm.
i am doing okay. just binge watching the lord of the rings.
i love them! what is your second job?
i work at a bar at night so i can watch the movie while drinking my coffee
oh, yeah. i've seen some pretty horrible stuff.
i am a musician, i also love to watch the lord of the rings!
do you like to read? i've two books a week.
that must have been fun. i love the movies, but have never seen a good one there.
that's great! i've a part time job at burger king.
i'm doing great! how are you?
that is awesome do you play a lot of games?
do you have any pets? i love dogs
i will be honest, i don't like my job.
oh no! that is why i have 2 dogs
i know i need it
i work in the construction field. i've to wait til i turn 18 for that
that is great what do you do for work
i am well, and you?
i am fine. i love italian food. how old are you?
i don't have any pets. how about you?
that is awful. what about a cat?
i like italian food too, italian with pepperoni and garlic bread.
you should come sing at my show! i sing folk music!
i help out at the soup kitchen.
great! i am a nurse. what do you do?
it is a horror movie. what is your favorite color?
what do you do for fun?
yeah it happens. it is a real bummer.
i'm so glad to hear that. i'm a red cross volunteer and have collected so many!
no i don't like them. my favorite color is green.
no. i am a red cross volunteer at the zoo
i like to visit zoos. i volunteer there.
i'm great, just got home from looking at pink floyd.
i am in middle school, i want to be an actor when i get out
that is good, i am in middle school. i have a hard time getting work done because i
i love kids, i have three. i just want to travel the world
wow that's a lot of pets. i've two dogs
wow, that is alot of pets. i have a cat but hate him
that's awesome! i have a german shepherd named barnaby, i love him!
oh, i see. i'm from ohio. what about you?
hello. do you like to skateboard?
yes i love horses. i grew up on a farm and had lots of time with them.
i'm not much of a cook, but i do like to hike and ride my tractor.
no, i don't. i work in an office, so i eat out.
i am a music teacher in high school. it is very rewarding.
i have a friend who does. she wants to raise horses too.
i love movies, i go to see it at least twice a year.
i'm good, how are you?
i am listening to music by taylor swift
i'm not working right now. i'm on my aunt's farm.
yum. yes. my parents have a big family so i'm a big family member
i like to listen to country music. do you like country music
do you like music? i like music.
no i'm 6 foot but i like music i attend school
you have great hair and eyes.
hello! i work in an office and i am eating some food.
i work at mcdonalds, i eat the food of the workers.
i understand. my parents are always trying to get me into something i am not interested in.
i like the food. i don't like sweets.
yeah, they're good. i love the office, i'm a worker not a eater.
that's great! i work at the mcdonalds where i work,
i don't like sweets, but i love pizza. how about you?
i understand, do you have a family?
i am okay. how are you?
that sounds pretty cool
my wife and kids are great too!
i like to go to the gym a lot. do you like to go?
oh i like eating granola too. i just don't like water
i am. i only drink water. and exercise.
well at least you are still single
i am doing great. i got a lot of teddy bears and work them as nurses
that is cool i volunteer at a local hospital
i am a volunteer nurse, i help people
do you have any pets? i have a cat and a dog.
blue, reminds me of summer time.
no. i do volunteer though, and do tours.
that is great, i love being active, i have a ton of teddy bears!
i am a red cross volunteer
