i love hiking and camping as well. my parents are retired so i get to do both.
hello i am doing great and you?
i like music and i like to jam with friends
i worked at a bar in the u. s. i hated the food there
i am not much of a painter, but my family does.
i am afraid of heights. my dogs and i are working on it
i like to go to national parks.
i am a teacher at the childrens hospital. i like to read and write.
well i guess i could have a cat if you want
i am in my thirties. what do you do?
hi i am good how are you?
i was too, until i learned to love animals.
do you live in the city?
that's a good goal! what do you do for a living?
no, i have not. i wish there was a japanese restaurant here.
yes. i am an engineer, and i like to make money. do you like money?
that's cool. i have a cat named zane
they are awesome! i like to ride them a lot, too.
it is very beautiful, i love blue.
that is cool. i eat granola for breakfast every day!
cool! i live in chicago. what do you like to do?
do you like to travel much?
its a chilly night here in ohio, how about yourself?
hey, i am doing well. just got done playing softball.
i'm a junior at hs and i love driving my volkswagen beetle
yes i love to, do you?
my dad has a farm. he keeps a lot of animals like rabbits and cows
i've been married for 20 years.
i love to read. do you like to read?
i've never traveled outside of the us.
i am a big book lover. my favorite book is the hunger games
you are right. my mom is very wealthy so i am always on the look out.
i am not sure if i want to go back now.
yes, i love sports! i played football for a division a college
you are a good parent and hope your kids don't have to go through this
i love horror movies, and i love music! i was born and raised in the south.
that is great i love those kinds of books
oh wow, that is really interesting!
that's cool i like to knit. do you knit?
yes, i will. i'm single, so it would be nice to have someone to talk to.
cool, i am from ohio, where are you from?
that is awesome. do you have a favorite?
that's a good hobby to have. i love it.
i had a lot of good teachers
my dad is a cop, he adopted all of my siblings
i'm 34. how old are you?
i do, i also like to cook, i have a big family
no. i used to work for a local scotch store, however.
i am an attorney
wow that is interesting
i love the ocean, it is so relaxing. i love swimming
do you like dogs? i've 3
i am a blue eyed teenager, what do you do?
i don't sell them. i'm allergic to them
rock, especially old school stuff.
that's great. what do you want to study in college?
what is your favorite show
that's cool, my dad is the same.
i'd wear them to my coplay party.
i love to sing folk songs i adopted a cat recently
nice. what do you listen to in your spare time?
that's cool. what kind of bodybuilding?
hi. good, how are you?
that must have been very traumatic. sorry about that.
i'm sure you don't want to get addicted to it
i live in ohio. i love to go to florida.
nice! i just got a new apartment with my best friend.
i spend most of my time time at school, i am a teacher!
what do you do for a living?
i am single, but we are getting married in the spring.
i have a dog and a cat. what kind of dogs do you have?
i like to write them too, but i am a huge star wars fan
i am a lawyer, what do you do?
hi lucy. i am leigh. i am a vegan.
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
cool, what do you do for a living?
i'm going to a concert with bach.
we don't play much. i am more of a fan of the metallica
my cat is named after her
i'm doing good. i am in school and my name is larry.
i love to read, i also have a pet cat named arizona
no, i play a lot of board games.
oh okay. do you like animals?
wow, that is pretty unique!
i want to be a fashion designer. how about you?
hi i am doing great how are you?
i like them, i work at pet smart and my father was a cop
i live in new york and work model.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm originally from california.
i am not, but my best friend was. do you like to travel?
they are. i love listening to them.
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i love walking to and from work too! i live in a big house with many garages and drive everywhere.
i work as a teacher. i'm off tomorrow, and i am going to binge read the lord of the rings.
yeah, i'm trying to figure out what to do with my life.
do you like sports? i play soccer professionally
my kids would love it too!
i love to read as well, but i am more of a dog person myself.
i love fall too! i just moved to ohio and am very excited about it.
that is cool, what do you do for fun?
that is a noble pursuit. i wish my parents would allow it
that's cool. what do you do for a living?
they do! they have a kid, he's almost 5!
i love to shop, i love to shop for. i am a nurse.
i'm eating a big family meal. i love it.
i have a cat, his name is sesame.
i hope it is as interesting as new york. i hope to go to school there.
i teach biology there.
i don't have any, but i do love music. do you have kids?
i went to a school for deaf people.
i love soccer. i play with my dad who is a soccer coach.
i hope so too. i want to be a teacher one day.
sometimes, sometimes i eat in my spare time, i don't like it
i will work out 5 times a week to stay thin. i am a teacher
that is nice! i love south carolina.
i'm doing good. i am just writing an essay for my science fiction book.
i'm married. we have three kids
my cats name is tupac.
no, i don't hunt. i am more of a fisherman
i'm doing great. what are you doing?
