hi! just finished reading my 20th book. you?
oh, what movie? i am a stunt double for movies.
i like it too. i am a bit chilly today.
i wish i had a son. i am in a multi parent household.
i have a second job, as a stunt double. i love it!
my wife and i have a single parent household
yeah she is a very nice woman
i am sure you did. i was raised in a home with a second dad
i am good how are you?
that is good, i love to volunteer with animals
i am in a vintage mustang garage.
oh, i see. i am a mechanic
that is a good reason to go.
i am into cars and restoring them. what do you like to do?
i like country. i own two of the cars she sings about.
hi i am great how are you
i have 2 kids too. my husband loves to go with us to disneyland
yes i have. we own a house together. do you like it?
that sounds great! what else do you do for fun?
i would love to. i have to walk 3 miles every day to get there though.
i love to eat raw. do you have any hobbies?
i try. i love my family and disneyland
i am doing good. i am a bit tired from my tour guide job.
i am sorry to hear that.
oh wow, that is great. my mom is a librarian, and i have her book in my room.
i love cats! i have two.
interesting, do you enjoy reading?
i love to drink fancy tea.
that is cool. i have a huge library at home. i love to read.
that is a lot of colors! i have super powers!
that sounds exciting. i wish i had that! i live on clouds.
yeah i wish i could take my super powers
that is too bad. do you watch any shows?
oh i am sorry to hear that
i am a woman. and no, i am not.
yeah. maybe i will just do it by myself
i do like turtles! i have a huge turtle collection.
i have 2 cats. i have two for winter, and one for fall.
mr. pickles, and i have a couple of cats named kitties
cool. i like to collect things like hats and sweaters
oh i am 32! i am a big fan of winter sports!
i was. but i lost a lot. i also have a hat collection over 1, 000.
do you have any pets? i have two cats.
i am doing great. yes i do.
i love documentaries. what kind of birds do you watch?
i have a dog. do you like documentaries about wars?
i think so. do you watch any war documentaries?
i love them. especially cheeseburgers
i am not old. i am only 78
oh yeah. i had to work hard to survive.
that is good to hear.
i am great! just got done drinking a glass of wine. you?
that sounds fun, i have been spending time with my wife and kids.
oh that is great, i try to stay fit too, but i am a bit old
i am sure you will live forever.
i prefer white wine, but red wine is good too.
i love wine. i drink it while i dance in the moonlight
yes it is! i am drinking wine and dancing in the moonlight.
i sure am! how are you?
oh that is so nice of you! i dance on the weekends
i am a strong lady. i am over 100 years old. how old are you?
i will have to find a way to get it.
do you have a job?
i am sure you will. i love the way you talk
that is true. maybe i will drink some wine tonight and do the old moonlight walk
i am sure things will change for the better.
oh, i love turtles! i have one.
i don't like to grill but i do play with my dolls
that is awesome, i am not old, i am just a pet turtle.
that sounds fun, i like to play with my dolls
she did, and i lost. i have a pet turtle.
i am going to tell her that tomorrow.
you are right i don't want you to mess up the dolly
i hope i win too. my turtle is named turtleneck.
i am good, just got off work from my job at the pool.
i don't like drinking either. i am studying to be a computer programmer
i am studying to be a computer programmer, i love computers.
no, i am in school right now, so i don't have time to move.
computer programming, i am currently studying it.
that is great i love the indian food in cali
i am studying to be a computer programmer. my mom is from india
i am in school right now
same here! i have to study for my computer programming test today.
hello. i am jason. i work from home as a programmer.
i have been sick for the past couple of weeks
i have a pet cow too!
i like country music. what is your job?
i am a huge pizza fan
my allergies are acting up. i am trying to watch what i eat, but it is difficult.
dallas is nice. i have been there. i am building a robot.
i love to workout, but i don't do it as much as i should. i need more energy.
i have not. i am a gold medalist at the olympa.
i am not sure. i just started gymnastics in 2016. do you have any hobbies?
i hope to become a food critic after i win gold at the olympa
oh, that is nice. where are you from?
i love to bake, and i love to eat italian food.
i love garlic bread! what do you like to eat?
hi. i was in 3rd grade. i am in 9th grade now.
i am not sure, but i know they have a movie coming out next year
i love to go to disney world every year, do you?
i love the parks, but disney world is my favorite.
we like to sing songs from the movie
do you like to go to disney world?
i have a dog named radar
no i am too young
i am doing good. just watching the football game.
i would like to be an artist.
i had a car wreck in the er. i am a pediatric doctor.
knitting sounds fun. i am not very crafty
she is a prodigy in her field.
i don't have any kids, but my daughter is in the 3rd grade.
my favorite movie is probably friday
i hope so. i hope so too.
i am doing very well, and you?
that is cool, my parents taught me to be a pro gambler too.
that is great! i am a bit unsociable, i spend my time reading.
i am currently a graduate student studying psychology and i love it!
i have not. i have only read the journals and some of the online resources.
i love him! my parents taught me how to be a survivor.
i bet. i was not around much growing up.
it was, i learned a lot from them.
hi. i am well, and yourself?
that is a fun age. i was raised in a single mom household.
i really love italian food. i am a big italian fan.
i have a healthy diet but i like to eat more
i am sure. i never had to cut much, but my body is a mess.
i don't like to talk about music.
i am! i am a huge fan of taylor swift.
i like the new stuff too. do you have a family?
hello. i am a single dad with two little girls.
i have never heard of that band.
i don't have much time with my family. they are busy with work
i don't really like car racing. i am not very athletic.
yeah, i am not a fan of the law. do you work?
yes. he is a big fan. i am 46 and single.
i have no idea who she is. i am a 46 year old single dad.
i am not sure really. he left because of me being an engineer.
i am great, i just got home from work. i am robby.
i am sorry for your loss. do you have any pets?
that is cool. i am employed with the postal service
i like to paint pictures
i love nascar! what do you do for work?
i don't like insurance at all
i know but it is worth it to me.
its a little chilly, but not too bad. i have a german shepherd named barnaby
i am good. just got done with my morning chores. you?
i like to ride my bike to get exercise
no, but i would like to someday.
i play guitar and piano, but i really want to be a music journalist.
i am sorry. what else do you enjoy?
i am a musician. i play guitar and guitar.
i agree. what do you do for a living?
i am from the west coast. how about you?
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
oh. i see. what is your favorite color?
i am a clerk at a bookstore, i just don't like wearing the color orange.
what kind of books do you like?
i hate to read too, but i have to. chemistry is not for me.
i don't care about it.
my grandfather was not scary, he was a great man.
hi i am doing good how are you
i am good. i like watching horror movies.
oh, i see. do you have any kids?
i work at a store called home depot
he is in his junior high years.
i am a senior in high school.
i am a junior at high school
good, i am home with my kids and dogs
cool, do you have any kids?
i am a full time employee of it, i am also a housewife.
me too. i have a lot of friends that use it.
i am a male, but my wife is a woman.
i like cats, but i have not had time to get one.
i have been in it for 15 years now and i am not scared of it at all.
thanks. it is a good job, and it pays the bills. what do you do?
hey there, just got back from a trip to spain, how are you?
i love to read. i am going to retire in 6 months, so lots of reading for me.
i have been to spain. i have been there twice.
i work in a library
i am a librarian. i love it.
that is great. i am glad you are happy. i hope you have fun
that is nice. i am sure they need love too.
my father was a manager at home depot, too.
i don't know apartments, i work in construction.
i am in georgia. i work construction and have been there since 16 years old.
congratulations. i am only sixteen so i am still a teenager.
oh really? i am still in high school
i love mexican food!
tupac is good too. what else do you like?
dream on is a great band. i like the beatles
hello, i am ray from florida
it was my inspiration for the game.
what do you do for work?
that sounds relaxing. i work from home designing video games.
i have to say its not that bad
i drink a lot of water i have a problem with it
no. do you? i have a robot that is my body double.
i like fish but i am allergic to them
i am doing good. how are you?
i am in california, i love the sunshine
i have a studio in california
he needs to learn from god.
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i am a single dad with 46 kids and my studio is not doing well.
pop music and r b
that is ok, i am divorced and have a kid.
hey! i am just relaxing. how are you?
its hard, but i try to keep busy with my spirituality.
i like to go for meditation on the weekends.
i was a house wife and we lost contact.
i don't know, it just is what i am.
i am a buddhist, and live in the state of alaska.
no, in a remote area of alaska. i am a buddhist.
i like to meditate about the nature of the mind and the universe
i am good how are you?
good, i was just listening to some country music.
yes, and pumpkins, pumpkins, pumpkins.
that is great. i am sure he is a great buddy. i am more into country myself.
there are some in the north west. i live in the country so not too much.
i am in the midwest. i don't drive and i have no cattle.
you would be surprised. i am in a country town. i love country music.
i love country music!
ll, not laughing. i have a german shepherd named barnaby
mine are so over protective. i don't know how they are still alive
he loved the car i have him driving. he is a good dog.
i am a nascar driver so i am used to kids
i will, i will bring the chocolate chips!
i would love to have a dog, my father drove a car for nascar though
that is sad. you should have sent him to me
my dad drove a car for nascar, and i am afraid of them
i am doing good how are you
oh, i am sorry. what do you do?
that sounds nice. i am in a farming community.
i have a german shepherd. he is the only thing i buy.
i bet they are beautiful. i love watching the nhl
i have a german shepherd. what do you do for fun?
i like them both, i also like to eat them.
that is cool. do you like sports?
its okay. i spend my time on the internet. i like social media.
i am also a feminist. i am on instagram.
i like to shop on facebook and twitter. i also love solar.
i like to go on instagram and look at my friends
that sounds great. do you have any hobbies?
i just started my new job, solar energy.
i am a feminist so i am always looking for work
i also like to use the internet a lot
i am doing well, thanks! and you?
cool. i am just volunteering at the animal shelter.
cool. i love country. i volunteer at the local animal shelter here.
i am a cashier, part time, and a pilot in my spare time.
awesome! what kind of music do you play?
you will! do you like animals?
i volunteer with the local animal shelter
oh. i have two dogs and a cat. do you have pets?
hi i am doing ok how are you
no, not really. do you have any hobbies?
i like to play the piano. i am a redhead with a red head like me!
i don't like people, i don't like the school i attend
i don't have many friends, i am alone.
i do. i am an artist.
i don't like animals, i don't have any. i am more into gaming.
i love playing video games, but i hate school
i have a few games but mostly just work
i love donuts too, especially with bacon on them.
i don't have any either. i do have one daughter and a son.
i am ok, i have been inside since i turned 46. and yes it is a pinto.
i am a father of two daughters
that is awesome. i am 47. how many years older than you?
i am a studio engineer and own my own studio.
i have never heard of that one before.
i am from alabama, where are you from?
yes i do! i play football in my backyard with my three sisters
cool! i have never tried gymnastics. i am a dog person.
we are very close, my brother and i love dogs. do you?
we have a golden retriever, and a poodle.
i have a pomeranian, she is a golden retriever
i live in alabama, where are you from?
i am not. we will be going back in a bit. where are you?
hi there i am doing great today
dancing is great, but i prefer to drive my nissan to work.
mainly groceries, clothes, and other things you would find at a store like that.
there is weights. i am a clerk in a store
i don't know. i am not your mother.
you should. i would not want my life to end before i get my nissan.
i bought it when i moved into my new house
hello! no i have not but i do enjoy country music.
that is great! do you like country music?
no i am not. but i do like animals.
i like country music. i also love to line dance
i have a degree in biology.
lab rats are the best. they can be trained to read and write in english.
i love books. i am a farmer and i sell my cattle.
james joyce is a great author. do you work? i do farm work.
i am doing well. just got off my shift at the bookstore.
i have been in a similar situation. i am just trying to find love in my life.
that is good. i am not married. i am a college student.
i don't care about fashion so i don't go to many book clubs.
no i don't i just hang out on the weekends
yes, i want a pet.
oh i can handle it. i don't mind it.
i am not working right now but i make a decent wage
i am just taking a break from homework
i am not sure, do you have a favorite season?
i am a fan of all kinds of music!
i bet. do you have a favorite animal?
i am very popular. do you have any goals in life?
oh, i have never been to a farm. do you have any animals?
i would love to! but i am in high school so maybe in the next few years.
thanks! i hope so. i am going to school for a physical therapy.
i am so sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
do you have any other animals?
oh... i have not watched tv in years. i do enjoy baking cookies
do you like dogs? i have one.
oh, i love to bake cookies!
do you like to bake?
but then how will i feel better about dying?
i know but i don't know how
i am doing good how about you
i love watching friday. i like to garden too.
sure! do you have kids?
that is awesome. i teach kindergarten at a school.
i teach middle school. do you like gardening?
it is about a woman who is a high school teacher and also a gardener.
i am a teacher for a kindergarten, and i love my job!
haha, well you have to start somewhere!
i am well. just got done sewing my own clothes
that is awful! do you have a family? i have grand kids.
i am single, no kids.
i have great grandchildren. what do you do for a living?
oh i like to listen to rock
that is so funny, i do that as well, but i have no smartphone.
that is great. i don't have a job so i don't make a lot of money.
i have to use my cell phone to text you
i love dogs! what do you do for a living?
i just moved to the city, i am not very good at delivering mail
i just moved here from germany so i am kind of weird.
i don't know, i don't live near a lot of snakes.
i love sky diving and roller coasters!
i am so glad that i moved here. i love the sky diving
no. i would rather watch a good cooking show.
that is so cute! do you have any hobbies?
i like to watch the clouds roll by
i love animals. i want to help them in the future.
i am sorry. i have a cloud of time. i love it.
i see. i am sorry to hear that.
that sounds like a lot of fun
that is cool. i live with my sister.
i am a little girl so i don't have much company
i am good. how are you?
not yet. just a bit, but not too much.
i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
5 cats are not enough, i need more
that is awesome. i am not good with sports. i like building houses though.
well, my cats are my main job. 5 of them
my dad taught me everything i know about electricians.
i am great. no i did not i major in pobox
i am only a kid! i have a lot of friends but they are not around much.
i don't know anything about hipster. i like pobox
i am 12! i don't have many friends though. i have blue eyes and red hair.
i do like to play pobox. i am not very coordinated though.
i am 12, girls don't care much for fashion.
oh. i dyed mine black too. i have blonde hair that reaches my waist.
i am from the united states. do you like animals? i am a vegan
that is cool. i live in the country. i will graduate in two years.
there are a lot of lawyers everywhere, you can be one!
i am sure you would love the job!
my mom was a nurse, she taught me to be a vegan.
sometimes, but mostly just joking.
i love it! i am excited to start high school!
i don't know. i will graduate soon though.
i would love to. do you have a favorite color?
i see. what is your favorite color?
i am not sure if i could get into finance
yes, i am. i am also a bookkeeper.
i live in the us. how about you?
i am not sure i would say that. i don't think so.
i don't really like sushi. i prefer to dance.
what else do you like to do in your spare time?
i am mia. i am an aspiring singer.
i play at the local shelter and volunteer there.
i am in my 20s. do you have any hobbies?
i play the clarinet and the guitar.
no, i am not very athletic, but i try.
my dad was a professional violin player
oh no! what instrument did you play?
no i did not. i went to the shelter with my dad who is a professional violin player
i like to play with my dolls.
well i don't have a dog
yes, she lives right next to me and we play together
i am not sure if i am ready for that yet.
i am sorry to hear that. i live next door to my best friend, so it is not safe.
i hope so. i have a pet turtle.
you are a gun person, that is cool
i have turtles. they are my pet.
hi! i am good, i work out and love running.
i am sorry to hear that. what happened to your girlfriend?
i don't like to outdoors, i am more into rowing and the treadmill.
i do! how about you?
why did you move?
i have two pitbulls they are awesome
what do you do in your home theater
i am doing well. i just got back from the gym. you?
i have two dogs, and i love to go for walks, but they live with me.
i love the beach too. i love to swim.
i understand that i need a gym membership
i have one too. her name is abby. do you have any pets?
maybe i should do it with my dogs. i like doing things with dogs.
yes, i am a bit of a fitness nut.
i don't want any either, we have a dog, we are not crazy.
i am good how are you
i am not good at math
oh okay. do you have a good job?
it is. i have to take the bus.
my brother and i are not close
yeah i don't like math either
i am not very good at math.
i wish i had time to play. i am too busy with school
no. i don't have any.
i love my dog and cat. do you have any pets?
i have a dog and cat. do you have any pets?
i like scary movies. my favorite is mean girls
i like the mean girls movie
i like rock and country music.
oh, you should come hang out with me
cool! do you like to party?
i am well. i just finished eating a hamburger and fries. how about you?
i love labs! do you have any favorite foods? i love french fries!
i love to go on walks. do you like to swim?
i just got out of high school, i am a student. what do you like to do?
i will make sure to tell them when i visit.
i don't have time for rapids. i have to take my dog and my kids on a walk.
i like to eat hamburgers, french fries and watch netflix. do you have any hobbies?
that is great. i hope you get one.
i am doing well! just got back from the beach!
i am a little mexican. i love food! i just bought a yacht and i love to cook.
i am in school to be a foodie, i love everything!
yes i love documentaries.
that is nice i love food but i am not good at it
i would like to teach people how to cook.
i hope so. what do you do for a living?
i am trying to learn how to cook
that is cool! i am a musician, and i am going to be a singer.
oh ok. i am in school in spain right now.
yes. i like them too. do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for a living?
that is great! i am a musician, and i am also studying the language
what do you do for work?
thank you! do you speak any other languages?
i don't think i would be good enough to be president.
hello! i am doing great. how are you?
my heart just did not work properly. i have to have surgery
yes it is, i don't know what i want to be.
wow! i am glad you are happy. i was born a boy with no heart inside my body.
i am a boy but i am a girl
what do you do there?
that would be so cool.
i was born with my heart inside my body. i feel fine now.
i am good, i am a manager of a convenience store.
i have a job as a convenience store manager.
i work at a grocery store.
yes, it will be organic, i am a manager at a store.
oh nice. i have not done any twitter contests yet.
no, male. what do you do for fun?
haha. i have a cat named taylor swift.
that is a good hobby. i like to cook. i am a cook at the convenience store
i am well, just listening to some aerosmith
that is a good way to put it.
i have been working since i was sixteen so i understand.
i like to watch sports
i like tacos too. i am not a fan of meat though.
construction. i love it.
it is fun. i am only 16 so i can still do it.
i am a construction worker.
oh, nice! i am a little rusty. i am trying new foods.
that is great! what is your favorite food?
that would be great! i am sure i have some advice for you.
yeah, i am not really a sports fan.
sure! i can show you all the restaurants around the world that i love!
that is what i tell people on the half marathon.
i am not very good at cooking, i just like everything but that.
i would like to try that.
i do, i love wine and wine is a great beverage
that is a long time to be on the planet
i am sorry. i am a little jealous
you can always rent one
yes, i am a woman who works for a small sports store.
i am not optimistic at all, you are.
i have a mini van that i use in the minnesota winters.
yes, i am sure that is true.
hi my name is jim. i am doing ok. how are you?
i work at the register
i am nineteen, i don't have any kids yet.
i like to party, do you party?
i am 19 and i don't drink. do you like music?
no, but maybe i should record some.
it is kate, what is your name?
i am doing good. what are some of your hobbies?
that is great. i am taking dance lessons.
that is good. do you have any children?
i have one dog. he is a golden retriever. what about you?
i have a house too. but i take dance lessons every other week.
i am sure he is busy too!
dancing, i am a dancer. i take classes twice a week.
i am from the midwest. where are you from?
i am studying to be a computer programmer
cool. do you swim in a pool?
i am a girl. how about you?
oh, cool! i am from india. my family and i are from there.
yes, but it is my dream job. i am studying to be a computer programmer.
i am in cali.... but i am going to india to study computer science.
i agree, i am a bit of a programmer myself so that is what i am learning.
i appreciate that, thank you. what else do you like?
congrats! i am taking some photography classes for my students.
my boyfriend and i are moving in a new apartment soon.
i am going to be a teacher. i am a bit of a loner.
that is cool, i am a teacher for elementary school aged children
what kind of music do you play?
that is awesome. i teach math and english
wow! i took a lot of spanish in high school.
i don't know what i want to do yet. i have to decide between photography and teaching.
good. how are you doing today?
i am just listening to some rap music, my favorite
i have a civic. i love to ride it when i am off work.
i produce music for a living. what do you do?
education, i love music and i am passionate about it
triplets are cute. what is your favorite food?
that is great. do you have pets? i have a dog named charlie.
i am good. just eating some chocolate candy.
i am not sure really
that is a long time! i am still in elementary school.
my mom and dad are allergic, and chocolate candy is not good for dogs
i will try. i have got to get my life together first. you seem very nice.
i love dogs, they are so cute. i want a dog when i grow up.
i am 18, how old are you?
i am good how are you
what do you do for work?
that is nice i like going to the park
i love watching friday the 13th.
i love the walking dead. i also love the titanic
just watching movies, i love going to the park
i bet! what do you do now?
i would love too. do you like to kayak?
that is awesome! i just started teaching, i have some life tips for you.
yes! i am an outdoorsman and love to kayak
i try to do something to make me happy. i enjoy reading.
that is awesome! i am glad to hear you are healthy! i like to read.
well, you should take it for granted.
you are welcome. i am glad i could help. i am an avid reader.
i do! i read a lot about it.
i am great, how are you?
where are you going to school?
congratulations! i am a professional driving instructor.
that is a great place to live!
classical, jimi hendrix, and jazz. i also love country.
i do, i like football and basketball. do you?
horses are nice, but i like the tractor more.
i am in the united states. do you have any hobbies?
i shoplift at the kids store
i shoplift at the mall
thanks! i will try. i have a new sweater i want to wear to court.
i plan to, but my mom is visiting me tomorrow
i don't want to get old. i want to shop.
i am so glad to hear that, i am sure you will be able to find something.
i would like to be a shopper, but i am not. where are you from?
i am good, thanks! how are you?
i am into band shirts and short hair. i like band tee.
i understand that. i have to be in shape to stay in shape
what kind of things do you make?
my favorite band is a fine frenzy. i love the color purple
i am not sure i am a skinny blonde
thanks, i am skinny but in good shape, jeans and leggings are my fav.
i am not a big cookies fan
i just had some delicious ice cream.
i love cats, i have a cat named charlie.
that is a lot of hats!
that would be interesting. i have a honda civic that i am working on.
i like both! do you like rap music?
yeah. i am not really a winter person, more like spring.
i like to listen to music.
i am more into rap. i produce some music.
hi. i am a recording engineer for a company in california
i live in california. i have a studio here.
that is rough, i am a single dad 46 year old. i live in cali
i have a hard time following my parents religion
me too. they are all in school now.
i have a lot of them, they are the reason i am 46!
i am a studio engineer and own my own studio.
i am a record engineer and i live in california
hi bob. i am lucy. i teach elementary school
oh. what happened?
oh nice. do you like music
he did, he did a few miles then walked back to shore.
they are so pretty. i like them too.
no pets, do you teach? i teach elementary school.
i would love to see one as a pet!
i am not a big fan of sushi
hi! no, i am not familiar with tom petty.
nursing. i am studying to be a nurse.
i am a senior in college, studying nursing
thank you. we all have to make it through the week.
i am a college student and i want to be a nurse
youre very welcome, i don't have many friends so that helps
oh wow, that is amazing! do you work with children?
i am great! i just got my new place. i am in ny. how are you?
that is great! i hope they like it here!
i have step children. they are already 2 years old.
that is great. i have a couple kids. triplets are a big ask.
basketball and football
that is cool. i have never really watched sports before
i live in the country. where do you live?
i am great. i retired so i am having a bit of a day.
no. just me and my cat. do you have a pet?
i love dogs! i volunteer at a local soup kitchen, and i love dogs!
i love to go for walks, i used to be very poor
i am retired now. i teach at a local soup kitchen. you?
i am not a big fan of temptation. i am a bit of a loner.
i like wine too, but i am not much of a wine drinker
i have a kid as well, he is 8 months old.
i am a kid with blue eyes and red hair.
that would be great! what kind of dogs do you have?
i don't have one. i am too busy playing pobox.
do you like to exercise?
i have, they say it is because i am in trouble
that is nice, what kind of dogs do you have?
dogs are great! do you have a job?
i am in school. my mom made me get a bachelors degree.
i am a bit of a language buff
oh nice. i just turned 18 and i love to hike in the morning
i just don't see him very much.
yeah, he was a real jerk...
that sounds interesting. what is your favorite color?
that is awesome. i like to go for walks in the mornings to look at the sunset
what else do you enjoy?
that is great! i am still in school.
i am well. just enjoying some shwarma. you?
that is a lot of money. do you like food?
that is cool i am in the army
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you can still hear the world.
that is awesome. do you have a lot of animals?
i am from canada. i am from a big army base.
what do you do for fun in the army?
that is nice, i am in canada
i do, i have a german shepherd.
my dog is named barnaby. i am terrified of him.
that is cool, i live in the country. i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
i know what you mean. what is your favorite food?
i am employed by the us postal service so i get free shipping.
that is great. i love animals, especially my german shepherd.
i am a postal worker, i am not allowed to take pictures of animals
what kind of car is it?
i am not in college. i have a daughter. she is a child prodigy.
no. but i am sure i will be back some day. i love europe
i like to go to the park and watch movies
that sounds fun. i am looking for a new job.
i am looking for a job. i love to cook.
sounds delicious! my favorite food is rice!
i am looking for a new job
me too! my daughter is a child prodigy.
i am great. how are you?
cool. do you like to drink soda? i don't
i would like that! i am not a fan of sweet and sour foods
i love french fries, they are my favorite food.
i see. my students are my boyfriend and i.
that is a good idea, i am sure they will learn quickly.
i am glad you are keeping up with them
that sounds pretty. what do you study?
yeah i love hummus. i am here for a new car so i am saving money.
yes i do. i go when my mom is visiting. she is coming tomorrow.
i am not that good. i don't know how
no but i have a shop that sells skittles.
that is so sweet, thank you
banana is good for you, i will remember that
i am sorry to hear that. do you speak german?
i am good how are you
i do too. it is very relaxing. what is your favorite movie?
oh that is terrible. i hope you get out soon
i am not smart either. but i have learned to accept my mistakes
not as much as i like the park. it is my favorite place.
i hope she is well, i am glad you are safe
i enjoy them as well. what kind of music do you like?
i live in california. i am a pediatrician. what do you do?
hello, i am doing great. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
oh that sounds really good!
he is a golden retriever, i love him to death
that sucks. i have a cat named charlie. do you have a dog?
i don't like it. my dogs are there but i don't have any pets.
i am a musician. i produce music for a living
i do too. i am excited for fall.
good. just got off my farm.
i have 3 horses and a few chickens
i would love to be able to live in the city.
i hope you get to move soon. i grew up on a farm on the way here
me too. i want to be a lawyer.
that is great. my family has horses.
what do you plan to dye it?
i am good hope you are well
i am a surgeon.
i am a male, born with a heart in my body.
that is sad. what happened with your wife?
thank you. it was not that i am atheist but i just don't believe.
you will not believe what i can do with my mind.
i have a lot of friends on there.
oh, i am sorry about that! i hope your kids are ok.
i see a lot on the news, i have to be careful because i am so sensitive.
i am good, how are you?
that is awesome, i am a teacher for the homeless
no. i don't have time. i have three kids to feed.
no not really. i do like to volunteer at a local shelter.
i am sorry. i am sure that it does.
where is here? i live in portland.
yes on the beach and sometimes at a shelter.
that is a great place to camp! i like camping too.
that is sad. i volunteer at a local shelter
i have to donate money to animal rights groups, do you?
yeah but it is worth it
oh, i work at a shipyard, where do you work?
i have a job as a shipwright, but i donate all my salary.
you sound like a great parent.
lol... that is pretty crazy...
that sounds scary! i would be scared too!
i am good, how are you?
i am not very outgoing... i am a very reserved person
that is great! i love the violin. i am actually a teacher. what do you do?
no, i am not very good at it.
thank you. it is hard work but somebody has to do it.
well that is true, i teach music as well
twice a week. it is a good way to make a difference.
i am good, how are you?
oh no. i am so sorry to hear that.
thank you. i am a teacher, and my boyfriend is also a teacher.
i love to take pictures of sunsets
i don't have any pets, but my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment next week.
that is great! i teach in elementary school, and we have a new apartment coming soon.
no, but my boyfriend is.
that is a great place to visit!
i cannot. my mind is so wired in.
that is not good. do you like cars?
what happened? i am sorry
no, i have never seen it.
star wars is my favorite!
i see. i spend a lot of time watching television.
i go to the gym a lot, and i don't get to exercise often
great just got a new job, how are you?
i love cleaning. i am also a great cook
i would just eat healthy and stay healthy.
what do you do for work
i am a bit of a health nut. i eat clean and stay in shape.
i like to run. i enjoy marathons and try to stay fit
they are old and retired.
i am a very healthy person and i eat very healthy foods
hello, i am jennifer. i am a dancer, i can do a lot.
yes i do. do you have a favorite tv show?
oh wow! i don't have a motorcycle. do you like dancing?
it is my hobby! i have been dancing since i was very young!
yes i am very strong, do you have a favorite food?
no, i don't. but i do like to dance in the moonlight.
i don't like wine but i love to drink. i have a glass every night after work
i am good. how are you?
i play with dolls, i have a big doll collection.
i don't. i like toys
that is so cute. do you have a favorite toy?
sometimes. she likes to watch me play with her doll collection.
no, i am good, thank you. i am just getting ready to pick up my dolls.
i will. do you like your dolls too?
i would love to, but i have three kids who are eating dinner.
i am sorry. what is the best ice cream flavor?
that sounds nice, i will eat my wife.
three kids, they are so much fun. how many kids do you have?
i love chocolate ice cream!!!
i like to plumb and work on cars, i am a plumber.
i love to read the instruction manual for my plumber job
no i have not. i am more into reading about science and math.
i do! i have one named kj. do you have pets?
wow! i have a dog and a few cats
i love chocolate ice cream.
i like winter too! do you have pets?
i don't watch much sports. i do like rowing though.
wow that is great, i have two dogs
i love running and rowing machines, do you?
that is not very nice. i don't like crocodiles
i don't have many friends so i don't have much time to go to the animal shelter.
i don't have many friends. i don't like school.
i am a girl, i am 12 years of age, and still in school
i don't have many friends. i am a kid.
i am too young to donate. i am 12
i am sorry. i did not have many friends growing up, so i don't blame you
i am in high school, i am in the first grade. you?
i am doing well. just finished working out
i am a clerk at convenience stores so i am always at the register.
i work as a cashier at convenience stores. do you like music?
i work at a convenience store, but i want to be a doctor.
do you work at all?
i like her music too. do you like taylor swift?
you will. what is your major?
hi, i am a four year old.
no i don't like pizza
that sounds good! i like it with a scoop of ice cream.
i don't work. i am retired now
what kind of work do you do?
i have a turtle named snoopy
it was in the gift shop i work at.
yes, i love music. what about you?
i don't listen to music.
that is a shame. i am sure you can find a job working on skateboards
i broke my arm skating, it was so painful!
not if you are enjoying it.
oh that is sad. i am sorry.
i work for a local skate shop
that is sad. i am sorry. i have a hard time telling people not to buy things.
that would be so cool! i hope i win.
my parents are gone. i am a single mom of 5
hello how are you today?
what language are you speaking
she is my best friend.
we were able to escape. we were both born in the us
thanks, i am happy i am safe now
i was born in somalian country and my parents forced me to marry
that is great, i am from somaliland and have a cousin in the states
i am great how are you
i don't think you are strong either
well, i live in a farm town, where are you from?
i have always wanted to try playing but i am not good at it.
wow! i bet. do you have hobbies?
they are, i live in a rural area so i don't get to see many.
i would love to go there. i live in a rural area.
i live in a rural area, i don't think i could do that
i have been a buddhist for 3 years now, i love it. you?
thank you. i am really proud of what i have accomplished
i have never talked to god since i quit my job.
that is very kind of you.
that is awesome! what kind of life coaching? i am a buddhist
i have not spoken to you in three months
yes, i agree. i am a buddhist, so i am always on edge.
i will have to try that, it is helped me quit my job.
i am doing great, and yourself?
i don't have a lot of free time. i have to work.
i work full time at burger king to pay the bills
i am 19 and i still have a part time job at burger king
no, but i do love to drink
red reminds me of the vampires from the harry potter series.
brown, i love brown!
i like blond. i am 19 so i can dye it.
i am doing well. how are you doing?
i love the beach! i go often, even though i am in the 3rd grade
i am in the 7th grade, i like playing with friends
that is great i am only in the 3rd grade
i love his movies. what is your favorite movie?
yes i went to disney world in the seventies.
i will. do you like to play sports?
i am in the 3rd grade. do you have any hobbies?
i am well, thanks. just finished volunteering at the soup kitchen. how are you?
that is cool. i volunteer at a soup kitchen
i am a retired teacher. i have been to a few.
that is too bad. i love watching war documentaries.
wow that is a lot. i volunteer at a soup kitchen
do you watch a lot of war documentaries?
yes, but i still like to watch them.
i don't have any pets, but i do watch war documentaries on youtube.
hi i am pregnant and working in a fertility clinic
that is so cute! my first child will be my first born!
i love reading and running. i also have a new job training people to run.
my husband and i have been together 3 months. yes i did.
that s awesome. do you have a favorite book?
that is great! what do you want to go for college?
i am 24. i have been a mommy for my first kid.
i know, i just want to have the child.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
i live in the midwest. i am a stay at home dad.
no i don't. i have a son that just turned 3
i am a big horror fan, so i am a huge pet person
not really. i am just going to be home all day.
i am. my dad is. i worked at home depot.
i have to be on the safe side
i teach at the elementary school
i teach in a school.
that is cool, do you like it?
me and my boyfriend are going to move into an apartment
they are. do you like to cook?
no pets, i teach first grade, so i don't have many spare time.
i have a dog. he is my best friend
i am great! just got home from work. you?
i am glad you are doing well!
triplets are the best! do you have a car?
no i am single. i spend a lot of time on cars though
congratulations! i have been married for 10 years and we have two children.
i work at a local highschool, but i do have a boyfriend, we have been dating for a while
i am a stay at home mom. i spend a lot of money on cars.
i work from home. i am a stay at home mom.
its going good, just finished a farm ride. how about you?
that would be nice. i am from a small town.
i am not sure if i have ever been to mexico. i grew up on a farm.
i bet. do you have a favorite tv show?
i am from a small town. i don't have many friends.
yes! i hope so! do you have any hobbies?
i have never been. i will have to look into it.
i do like some country, but i prefer hip hop
oh cool. what is your favorite color?
no i am not famous but i have a goal to be a professional physical therapist
mine is very nice. i am going to run a marathon next year!
i am not much of a reader. i like to play tennis though.
no, i just want to be a physical therapist
that sounds cool! i would love to be a physical therapist
great just got in from the park with my friends
i don't have time for that
that is a bummer. do you go to disney world a lot?
oh. i like to go every year
i have not, but i do like playing with friends. do you like it?
i am not a big builder, but i like to make robots
that is not creepy at all
hi! i am good. how are you?
what kind of music do you like
cool! i teach elementary school. do you enjoy teaching?
what kind of music do you like?
yes, my parents teach in a elementary school.
yes it is. i am a teacher, so i have a lot of kids.
i am a teacher at the elementary level, i teach 5th grade math.
they are very cool and i love them.
i am in texas. how about you?
there are some good ones.
oh. do you work? i work as a convenience store manager.
oh, well maybe you should go back to work
i like country music too, but not country girls.
i like country music and country girls.
i like country and i work as a convenience store manager.
haha. i am not sure really. i am a manager at convenience store.
i am doing good, and no, i am not a metal head.
i am from the united states. i was born in kansas.
yes, i am a boy so i am used to this.
i think i was born with my heart in my chest.
i was born with my heart outside my body.
i can swim. my body was not properly developed.
i don't need to brush up on skills, i am just born this way
thank you. i feel like i am living in a world with potential.
that is awesome! do you have a band or a family?
i am good how are you
no they did not, it was a very scary time
i don't think about that. i am afraid clowns.
i like the old ones, they remind me of when my parents got me when i was a baby
what industry do you work in? i just got a new job at a gas station
well, i have a lot of trauma from childhood, and i have issues with trusting people.
i am sorry. i am not sure how to help you there.
i used to work for home but now i just stay home and paint.
that sounds fun! i am 56 years old, how old are you?
i used to be a painter but now i am a housekeeper.
no not at all i don't
well, i used to love to paint, but now i am just taking care of my two grown kids
i am sure you are not the only one.
yes. i am a 56 year old woman.
i don't know i just feel like i have not found the right person
sure. what is it?
congratulations! i am due in a couple weeks. do you have any hobbies?
i live in a two bedroom house too.
i have to take my boyfriend to the bank a lot. he loves that place.
i know, i am so disappointed.
i love french fries too! i like to eat them.
that sounds like it could be nice.
i like to listen to britney spears
i am a nurse and i work with children.
interesting, i have a job as a doctor.
that is interesting. do you enjoy it?
well i am a huge fan of britney spears.
i like spending money on things i like spending money on things.
yes, i love reading, especially biographies.
i don't like reading. i am very introverted and prefer to listen to music.
i just got done shopping. i love shoes. and you?
i am a watch dealer, i don't shop.
oh nice! do you have any hobbies?
i just don't like my family, they don't like me anymore
i love the look of those.
just cars. i love listening to music.
i am not really a fan of country music. i love pop and r b
yes i love shopping for shoes and watch
hi, i am a boyo?
i love britney spears she is so hot
i understand, i am a bit broke right now, but i will get there.
i am in the insurance business, how bout yourself?
it varies, but it is not great
true. i just wish i had gone to school to be a doctor
not so much. i am more into softball
oh. i work as an insurance salesman in a field i enjoy.
hi bob. i am sarah. i have two cats, and a dog.
i am good. what is your favorite season?
i have over 2000 hats i won in olympa
i like britney spears. i collect many of her hat collection too
i have over 1, 000 hats. i have a weakness for them
do you like cats, i have two of them
oh that sounds good. i have a chocolate ice cream collection.
that is no good, i have a weakness for vanilla flavor ice cream.
cool. my name is larry and i am a chef.
i do! who is your favorite athlete?
i like boxing and swimming
i am a college student.
nice. do you have a job?
oh, cool. do you have any pets? i have a pet iguana
that is awesome! what do you do in your spare time?
that is awesome! i like cooking and fishing, so that fits my personality.
i am in new orleans. i am a gamer.
i love hiking and climbing rocks. i don't like the blood though.
i love playing video games, do you?
me too. i am a veterinarian and i love animals.
red heads are hot! i dyed mine black.
i am too, but it is my only escape. i don't like to think about death.
that is cool i love working from home
that is awesome, do you have any hobbies?
i do! do you? i have never ridden one.
no, i moved to the city. my wife and i like to go to italy for our honeymoon
that is a hard career to break into. good luck!
she is a junior in high school.
i love to cook with them, and make them into a meal!
i am sorry you have a hard time finding a job.
thanks! i will need it. my wife is a beekeeper, and i am also one.
its pretty cool. my wife loves it. do you have a family?
i love to dance. i donate a lot of money to charity.
that is nice. do you like it?
yes i do, she is my mom.
oh that is cool! i volunteer at the local animal shelter
i don't dance, but i volunteer at a local animal shelter
yes, i do. i have two myself
same here, have a great day!
i volunteer at the local animal shelter
i am great. just got home from a run
i like to run. i have never tried gymnastics. do you?
i am 27. do you have any children?
that is a good color. i like the color pink
no, i love italian food. what kind do you like?
i do gymnastics, i have a gold medal
lol. i like to eat all the food
i am good. i am in italy.
yes i do i listen to music all the time
i have not been able to find anyone to marry me.
that is great. i have never played an instrument, but i am pretty good with a piano.
yeah i don't have a lot of money either but i love it
yeah, i like a lot of music.
yes i love lobster!! i am going to go pick some up now
yeah i love seafood. i am a beekeeper so i am always on the lookout for new seafood
i am doing well, how are you?
oh, where do you live?
i live in california, you?
i am in the southern part of the country, i don't like the heat.
i bet, i just got a new house so i have to find the time
i don't have one. do you?
inside. i love my five cats.
hi! i am a 56 year old woman and i have two children.
what is your favorite book?
i am 56 years old, and still have not seen my kids!
no. i don't have time with my two grown children.
i agree. i have two, they are not much of a talker
i love art and painting, but i like taking over the world.
no i don't, i like painting but not that much into it
i am 59, how old are you?
no pets. i don't have the money for one.
i am sorry to hear that. i am retired now and live a simple life
it did, i am retired now, i spend my days with my wonderful grandchildren and amazing kids
no, i don't have a lot of time. i am retired now.
i like to go out and get a drink. i am not very social.
yes i am. how about you?
i hope so, maybe i will see her someday.
i am well. how are you?
i like to play chess too, but i am not very good
i have two kids who love to run.
they are just so tiny
i know. i am only 4 years old so i understand.
i like blue, i also like singing when i am sad.
me too, i love chocolate candy.
wow, that is great that you have kept that close to him.
i am doing well thank you. just finished a game of starcraft. how about you?
that is awesome, i am just working on a project for a client
i am a huge starcraft fan, do you have a hobby?
i like the color yellow. i also like to wear a lot of make up to be more noticeable.
that sounds yummy! what do you do for fun?
i am going to have to go and get me a drink.
that does sound like hard work. i am working on building a robot.
no, we need to build more.
it is going well. just watching some old war documentaries.
i am watching some war documentaries
i love to watch war documentaries
i had to work in the kitchen. i am retired so i don't have much to do.
that is a good one. i like to volunteer there.
yes i feel much better. i feel much more alive.
i am not rich but i do like to help people.
i am from the united states, but i live in a small house.
i love to walk around my house
i like to walk. i don't drink soda.
i have not really told you, but maybe sugar is part of it.
i have to take a lot of medicine for it, but it is worth it.
that is sad. i am sorry. i like to eat french fries and hamburgers.
i don't like the noise.
i think so, i am not a fan of sodas.
i am good. how are you?
no. what is it about?
i have not seen it. i am in the 4th grade
that is funny! i don't have any powers, i just like to sing.
i love that movie, but no, it is not.
what is your favorite disney movie?
do you have a favorite disney movie?
hello travis. i am josh. i am also a gold medalist.
i am an olympa athlete, i am also a gymnast, i can also do gymnastic type events.
that is a good truck, do you like gymnastics? i do.
i drink a lot of tea and coffee too
i don't drink much wine. too busy working out for the olympa
i love red wine. what else do you enjoy?
i love to workout, what about you?
what do you do for a living?
i am well, how are you?
no. i have my ears trained to only hear taylor swift songs.
i don't believe in god, i spend a lot of time on facebook.
i do. i spend a lot of time on facebook.
oh ok. do you believe in god?
we have been together for 6 years now. she is a cancer survivor.
i love dogs too, but my wife left me and took my kids.
those are beautiful dogs. my kids would love a dog.
hi, i am fine, just tired from working on horses
i want to be a lawyer like my family did
no, i am too young to go to school. i am only 10.
no, i prefer the books. i have not seen the movie.
i love horses, but they take a lot of work to care for
that is neat. my family has been raising horses since my very early years as a child.
it was! i want to be a lawyer.
hi i am mary, i just got home from work.
hi. i don't like chocolate, it is gross. you?
i like singing too... but i am getting divorced.
i am not good with jokes either
that is cool. do you work?
you too! have a great day!
i try but i hate it.
i love the alphabet. i am getting divorced.
i am good how are you?
triplets are great! do you have any hobbies?
i will, i am going to take care of my horses.
i am from a small town so i know everyone there
i am from a small town. do you have any hobbies?
it does not. but my family does not raise horses for me.
i am sorry, do you like horses?
oh, i have always wanted to visit. i grew up on a horse farm.
i am doing well and you?
i don't, i don't have much time for it
yes i do have 3 sisters
that sounds delicious! do you have a favorite place to eat?
i live in alabama. i love the smell of crabcakes in the morning
i am a little jealous. what do you do for work?
that would be great, i hope so
that is very true. maybe we could go to a taco place together and eat one
hello, how are you doing today?
i have been arrested. i have five cats. i am the most special.
well, i am a construction worker, so i have a lot to do.
you could just talk to him. he is a great man.
i build things. i love to be creative.
oh my. i am sorry. do you have any pets?
no kids yet. i want a few cats though
well, i am a cat lady and have 5 of them, so i am sure they would love some tips!
i am great. how are you?
i am a college student who is a bartender. how about you?
i recently moved to a new apartment with my best friend, she lives there too
no, i don't. i don't like pets
cool! i recently got a new apartment, so i am trying to get my life together.
leo is a great name. jazzy is a great name for a cat!
i am 5 11 an have blue eyes
its going good. just got a job as a pa, which was a shock to me
i like music. what kind of music do you like?
i like dogs too. i have two dogs and they love to go hunting.
i have a cat named radar
it is but it pays the bills
3 months i think. do you like reading?
i am nervous... i have been working a lot to get this done quickly.
no but i love peaches! i am pregnant with my first child.
yes, i was working in my art class
oh that sounds fun. what kind of dog do you have?
fish tacos are the best, my weakness! what are you up to tonight?
i am. my pops is here visiting from europe. i visit often.
i am an artist. i am majoring in art.
i am an art major. i am wordy because i am slow.
what is your favorite food
hey, i am great. i was just mountain biking. how are you?
i have never had a watch before
i bet. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. i love shoes! i love the color pink.
i don't drink alcohol either
i have never tried that, is it easy to sell?
oh, i see. i don't drink alcohol either.
i am good how are you
i am only on my senior year.
that is cool, i am a soccer player so i don't have many free time.
i don't think i have ever been to the states
i go to my high school, i have not gone to college
yes it is. i also like to watch soccer.
i do, she is the best!
thanks. i don't have much time for school these days.
i am great. just got home from the gym.
i like dogs. do you have any?
oh yes they do! i have two of them, a boy and a girl.
i agree, i have a long walk home from work
i like to go door to door, selling things.
do you have any pets? i have 3 dogs. they are the reason i am single
oh no, i don't like music.
yes, i am. i have been married for 6 years and have 2 kids
i am not into music much, but i do like rowing machines.
i don't listen to them that much, do you?
i don't work out at all, and i am very health conscious
no, i have to get back to the gym, do you?
i went for a business administration major.
that is a good thing to watch. i like to exercise but not that much
i love my long hair so it would not be a problem for me.
about 3 inches... i love it... i have a lot of style
hi. i am great, how about you?
i am watching a movie. do you like music?
i like to listen to music
what do you do for work
that must have been hard!
i work as a waitress. what do you do?
i love music. i like aerosmith, and you?
i am well how are you?
i understand that completely. what are your hobbies?
i don't eat soda, so i don't know what that is
i am not a drinker so it is good for me
i am so sorry to hear that
i am trying! what do you do?
well, it is my job to make sure that does not happen.
i don't like to drink soda
yes it is. do you have any hobbies?
i am from a small town.
do you have horses? i want to move to the city.
traveling is cool, but i am more of a city person. i want to live in the city.
i understand that. i am a retired lawyer from a small town.
that sounds good. i am going to be a lawyer
that is cool. my family is from a small town. i want to move there
no, i don't want to get fat. i like being healthy.
i am doing well and how are you?
i love to play games and watch netflix. how about you?
i work at the local casino. it is a part time job.
i work at a bar during the night to pay for college.
i like to go to the bar and play the drums
i work at a place that sells beer and wings during the winter
i am in college to be a nurse. i don't have anyone to hang out with.
no, a girl. do you have any pets?
just watching tv. my family is raising horses for me. i love them!
i grew up on a farm. i want to move to the city.
thanks. what do you do for a living?
i grew up on a farm, my father played guitar
that is awesome, i would love to help them.
yes it is. i am going to try and visit my family some day.
i have no idea, i was raised on a horse farm
no, i just ride on horses.
i am good. just finished my daily tennis match. you?
wow that is a very rewarding career
i bet, my family has been growing for a while, we are all doctors
disney is great. do you have a dog
what is your favorite book? i enjoy the bible.
i have been married for 20 years.
yes, i love to compete. i am a professional tennis player. you?
i don't see them often enough. i do have to walk my dog everyday to get around.
i am great. i just finished working.
i love cats! i have two myself, and they love my tacos!
i love cats! i have one and love to keep her company when i am working
wow! i only have 1, but it is worth it.
no, i have not. but i like to watch them. i am a construction worker.
i like to watch nascar with my family.
yes it is. what do you do for work?
i love aerosmith, i have been working since i was 16.
i am good, how are you?
i have a family that is in a city, but i don't have a job right now.
haha! yes, you get points! i am looking for a new restaurant near my parents.
i have always wanted to play basketball professionally
that is great i am looking for a restaurant job
my mother is a dentist.
i am currently looking for a job at a restaurant.
hi, i am great. just playing with my dolls.
hey roddy. my name is robert. i am 4. what about you?
i am sure you have some good ones at the deli down the street
that is cool. i don't have kids, but i do have a doll collection.
that is so cute! i like to play with dolls. do you?
i am sure he would if i asked nicely.
maybe. i would have to check it out first though.
i love gambling! i have never done it though.
hello, i am doing very well, how about yourself?
no, my wife and kids are the best in the world
wow that is a lot, do you have any hobbies?
oh that sounds nice. what do you do for work?
plumber, i fix up pipes and sell them. what do you do?
chocolate with banana cream pie.
chocolate with vanilla cream and banana ice cream.
i like meat too, but i like pizza the best.
yes! i love riding horses!
yes it does. i am glad to hear that. i also cook for my husband and kids.
i love horses. my dad had a few. he was a professional rider.
cool! what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. my parents are both very active.
thank you! i am glad she made it.
i am vegan, but i am a runner. i am very active
oh no i am sorry. do you have a boat or something to help?
i understand that i am a young adult and i am still upset holidays upset me
no i don't have any pets, do you?
i love to cook. i try new things every now and then.
what kind of cats do you have?
no, but i do have a yacht that i rent out when i am not using it.
i am a 23 year old male.
hey jefferson! i am in love with donuts, i have one at home.
i work for an insurance place.
yes it helps, but i also do some live action roleplaying
what kind of games do you play?
what city are you from?
i bet it is i play it with my friends all the time
yeah i am not really a fan
yes, i have been a little stressed lately.
i love working out, i go rock climbing almost every day.
that is nice. i live in colorado. i like the mountains
nice! i have been to washington once. i like it a lot
i like to drive out to boulder to rock climb when i am not working.
yes, that is what i tell my mom, she works as an engineer.
sounds great! i have to go work on my mechanical engineering homework.
yeah, i live in colorado. that way, i can hike all day.
sounds great. we will probably go to boulder or somewhere with good rock climbing.
i am good how are you?
i work at the grocery store
that is awesome. do you enjoy it?
that is awesome. i am a custodian.
i am not sure if i would enjoy that job. i don't have the artistic apt.
i hope so too, i am a bit of a disappointment
i don't know... i am a little lost.
my parents don't support my singing. they don't like the folk music i sing.
i am well, just eating some garlic bread and watching gymnastics.
i don't paint, but i like painting with watercolors
i like all music. i listen to it on my four hour a day workout.
it is a sport. it is great that you like italian food too.
mexican food is delicious! i also like italian.
i am a gymnast, i am gold medalist
no but i am a gold medalist in gymnastics
i like them, but not as much as gymnastics
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i am a retired vet.
i have two dogs, they are retrievers. what are you into?
i have. it is a great time. i like to go to country shows.
i have a couple of them. what kind of car do you like?
i love country music, i have a couple of those too
that is young! do you have any hobbies?
i am a country music lover.
oh, that is terrible. what kind of surgery was it?
that is a good choice. you will not regret that.
i bet that was tough. do you have any hobbies now that you are healed?
i have a hard time moving donuts.
i would love to go to mexico and china.
i have a lot. call of duty is one of them. how about you?
maybe, what else do you like?
i like action games, especially call of duty
no, i did not. that is interesting. i am a girl.
i am not really into spending money, but my mom is.
you must be rich.
i have blonde hair and green eyes. i think she is hot.
that is what i am doing. i am going to be a model when i grow up.
oh. do you have any siblings? i do.
i like to play pogo, i am a huge gamer
yes, i am. i also have a lot of friends.
hi, i have a weakness for ice cream, and i am a vanilla fan.
i am a huge chocolate chip fan myself
oh no, ladders? that is a lot of exercise! i am a bit of a fitness fanatic.
oh, that is cool. what are you doing for the olympa?
thank you! do you like to eat ice cream?
i like orange too! what do you do for a living?
i am the same way. i have a weakness for vanilla.
no kids. do you like to go to the park?
true. i am a doctor, what do you do?
it is not. my husband is not a fan of horror movies.
i am a doctor. what do you do?
they are very easy going. i have a new job, i hope i can find a new one.
yes, that is what i meant. i am a derp!
oh that is sad. i am sorry. i have a hard time with mine.
i see. i like going to the park, i love it. do you have a garden?
i am great, how are you?
cancer cannot beat anyone, but it could beat you if you try hard enough
that is wonderful! i hope that works for you.
it is ok i guess, my wife hates it, but we are both into economics.
i would like to be a grandmother someday.
i am in school for that now
i enjoy the rolling stones.
that is awesome. i like to see them in concert.
i am doing well, how about yourself?
it is! so what do you do for fun?
i like to live life to the fullest
i have a dog but i love cats.
my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment soon.
lol. do you speak any other languages?
english and spanish. i teach spanish and french classes. you?
i am not much of a party person.
i am good, how are you?
i am pregnant and i love to read. i read a book about it.
it is a documentary. i have seen it a few times.
me too! i love to read books about planting flowers and animals
i do. i am pregnant and my husband and i are going to the weekly meeting.
i am pregnant, and i love to watch documentaries on them.
wow, massachusetts. do you like it there?
i am good. just got home from my daily dance
i love anything orange. what about you?
yes i do i am a fitness fanatic
i just don't care about the color orange
i love to dance on weekends.
oh no, i am sorry. do you have any other pets?
i don't. do you?
yes i have 2 dogs
yes. i am cooking, but i prefer cooking books.
oh nice. i love running marathons but i am not very coordinated.
comics, and you?
same here. i am a chef so i am all about clean eating.
i love to cook, but i am not great at it. i am more into reading.
it is very cool i am a professional cook
wow that is great! cancer is a hard thing to come back from
no problem. i love to cook but love reading comic books
i am, i just had my daily fast food meal.
i am a waitress during the day to support my gambling habit.
well, my motor bike is my only transportation at the moment.
i agree, but i still want to be rich. i want to have the best life.
i am hoping so, i am going to have to up the dosage a bit
it is a great way to supplement your income.
you are right! what do you do? i work as a waitress.
great! how are you today?
i work at a museum in my city.
no, that is not what i am. i am a museum tour guide part time
i am a curator at the local library.
mostly plant based, no meat or animal products. i am a vegetarian.
that is good for you. i wish i was as fortunate.
no i don't but i could
i will check them out. i am mostly deaf so that might be difficult.
hi, i am well. where do you live?
no, but i love folk music. you?
that is awesome. what is your favorite song to play?
i play the piano, guitar, and guitar
i am not good but i do my best
that is funny! i am not very good at it, but i am trying!
what school do you attend? i am a musician, so i have always wanted to go to a big one.
i hope so. what do you do for a living
good and you? i am looking for winter hat
nice to meet you, i am jesse. nice to meet you too
i have cats and they are like my kids
i have a few kids too, i am not married though
coffee is great! i love vanilla ice cream.
that is a great hobby. i like to collect vintage cars and furniture
that is nice. i have a hat collection of over 1000, and i am not a fan of winter.
nice! i have a huge hat collection
i am doing great, just got home from work. how are you?
that is not fun, i just finished building my house
that is cool, i work construction
you should look into it. soccer is a good sport.
yeah it was great, i love to be creative
it was a long time ago, i just miss my cats
yes, but it is worth it. i love my cats.
i build houses so i drink when i work on them
hello. hows your day going so far?
that is cool, what was your major?
i have never been to manhattan. i have heard great things though.
that is nice. i don't have a job but i enjoy running.
that sucks. maybe you could get a dog.
i like my short hair. it helps me be more mobile while rowing.
what do you mean finance?
that is awesome! i love dogs, what breed?
i am great. just got a new apartment with my best friend
i am from cali.... but i am moving to australia soon.
i am a male. blonde hair and blue eyes.
i don't know if you saw but i am getting married tonight.
you must be a pizza lover then
i am a bartender. it is a good job to have.
i like to hang out with my bf. he is a college student
i am good. just got home from work.
i have a twin, i am so ready to get married!
oh. i have a cat too. i just bought a house.
ohio is great. my twin girls just moved there last month.
i have been to canada a few times. you?
i have been busy but it has not been fun
i do i just got home from work
that would be nice. i just bought a new home so i am excited.
i am great, how are you?
that does not sound like fun. do you still have hobbies?
what do you do for fun? i like to watch sports.
i have a lot of kids so i don't have the time for a house
oh, well i have a son, a daughter and a dogs
i hope you will. what sports do you like?
i like to count my money at work
you are very welcome, what do you do for work?
sure, i am rich, so i don't have much time for fun.
i am a student studying business. my parents are wealthy bankers so i have a soft spot for them
i am studying finance. my parents are very rich.
nice. i hope you do well in fran
travel is fun. i am rich. i plan on going to boston next year.
i like to go to the mall and shop.
i am in college. i am going to be a business major.
no i don't like music
i love anything with donuts. i love to eat out.
i love to go out and eat with friends and listen to taylor swift. you?
that sounds fun. what kind of roleplaying do you like?
i love playing video games, but my favorite singer is taylor swift.
that is a great game, i have never played that
i work as a teacher at the school.
i drive a black lexus. i love the look.
that is a good car. i have never driven a dodge.
i am in my early 20s.
i love the one with the big red mustache
i don't play much. i am too busy working.
the one that goes, i am so happy! i like the song, what are you doing?
yes, i am a student. do you have a car?
yes, it is. i have to shop at a store or two to support my career.
i do, i love all sorts of things.
the little red corvette they have at the mall. they are fun little cars
i am well. how are you?
i am doing the same, i am going to play some star wars games tonight.
i am jealous. i am not sure i have ever been.
i am a college football player
i am a writer. i write poetry.
wow, i don't know how you manage that.
what breed of dog is it?
wow! that is a lot of animals!
i love to cook! i have been trying all different types of food!
i am 23 and love food!
i am a bit of a foodie, but no.
i am in california, what about you?
no. i am a 23 year old college graduate. i am a chef.
oh, i am from chicago. i have been everywhere
i do, i have been looking for a new place to rent out, what do you do?
hi! i just had a delicious chocolate cake. how are you?
that is cool. i am retired, but i have great grandchildren.
that is a lot of boys. i have a few grand kids
that is awesome, do you enjoy sewing your own clothes?
i love coffee!!! i have a cup every morning after work!
thanks! what do you do for a living?
that is great! i have 5 grandkids and 16 kids. i am retired
yes, i do too, but my grandson is in his teens, and he loves drama.
i am doing well and you
i was shopping earlier.
i love the mountains and the snow
i am a dancer.
i like to dance a lot.
i dance a lot
i have been married for 6 years.
what is your favorite food?
i am well thank you. how about you?
that is awesome! my wife and i have a house together
no i don't. what about you?
i love cats. my wife is allergic though.
i have seen the stones at least 10 times in my life
i work at a local grocery store.
oh, that is cool. do you have a favorite band?
i am going to see the stones this year
i do too! what are your favorite?
that is cool. my dad is from pennsylvania and i live with him.
i work for the postal service. what do you do for work?
yes they are. they are a handful.
that is cool i have a german shepherd named barnaby
yeah, my dad was a famous car salesman
i love grey too! what is your favorite color?
oh my gosh. i am so sorry. my dog barbie has a fear of them
i like to hike, but my favorite activity is rock climbing
wow that is so cool!! i am not into models much.
sure, what color is your hair?
i live in colorado. where do you live?
oh that is cool. i am an engineer for a big corporation
i love to go rock climbing
i love animals. i have a lab, and a chihuahua
i have a black lab, and i love her very much.
yes i do. i am a big fan.
yes i am, i love cuddling my dog trooper
i love it. i go hiking in the spring and it is great.
me too. i have to stay inside most of the winter because of my black lab.
i am sorry, where do you live?
oh okay, do you go to a lot of clubs?
he loves tacos. i like them too.
oh no, i am sorry. i have been studying for my mechanical engineering exam.
i am doing well, how are you?
i like to dance to old school hip hop
well, that sucks! you should tell him. i love hip hop.
i am. i love it! what is your favorite dance?
i like hip hop. i like old school rap too.
i love baking. my kids love them!
i like hot dogs and hot wings.
i love fruit loops.
hi jo! i am a mechanical engineer
wow that is amazing! i am a mechanic so i don't have much time to run
nice. i do rock climbing, but i don't do that as often as i would like.
i love rock climbing and camping
i don't eat it. i do like rock climbing though
what do you do for a living?
i have a mechanic friend that repairs them, i would love to hear his perspective.
it is beautiful. what is your favorite color?
i am good. just got done eating dinner. i had a pizza for dinner.
my name is jace and my favorite food is pizza!
nice. i produce music for artists. do you like music?
wow, that is impressive. i have never heard of that book
do you like music? i like rap
yeah, that is what i had earlier, i was listening to rap music.
it is a brand of candy. i am a rapper
i am doing well. how are you?
i am in a honda civic, its my fav car.
i produce for a studio. it is a lot. i have a civic.
a civic. i am not sure if it is a honda, it is a 2016 model.
no, i work in production. what do you do?
yes, i have my own place.
i love the crowds. i have a civic and love to drive.
i want a mansion, my car is a 15 civic.
no problem. what else do you like to do?
a toyota camry. it is a great car. what about you?
nice! i am a musician. i play guitar.
no, i don't have any pets. do you speak any other languages?
what do you do for work?
nice! my dog is named sirius.
do you believe in a higher power?
i see. i am a musician. i work in a band.
i live in the midwest
i have been scared of spiders. i live in the usa.
i am a fitness nut! i love playing video games
that is cool i like to play games.
i have a job delivering mail, but i am really skinny.
i understand that, what are you favorite things to do?
i am a stay at home mom, so we don't have much coverage
i am sorry. what happened to your car?
yes, i am a musician, so i am always looking for new and fun places to go.
nice. i am a musician, but i am studying spanish.
i love paella too. my favorite is trabajo.
that is interesting. my next step will be to learn french.
i have never left the us before.
oh no. that is not good.
thanks. i am trying to get my french language degree.
that is a great place to be. do you enjoy it?
that is cool i am a musician
i am a musician, and play music in spanish.
i hear you. i am a musician, but i am also studying languages.
that is great, do you have any other hobbies?
i am a student of languages. i am also a musician.
i really love german, french, and spanish.
true. so i study a lot of different languages, you know?
i am great, just got done playing with my dolls.
nice! do you have a turtle?
yes i have a turtle and a little dog.
yes, a four year old.
i don't eat pizza, do you like it?
i don't like them. i like to play with my dolls though
oh cool! i don't work, i stay at home with my dolls.
ll. i don't eat pizza but i would like to try that
i am afraid to. i have a turtle.
you too. bye
i am good. how are you doing today?
what are your favorite donuts
i am in school, so i can not work.
it is a video game. i play it on weekends.
it is. do you have any hobbies?
i love the band insane clown posse. i am a part of their tour.
that is a very long time
that is awesome. i am glad you got to meet her
that is a lot of cats!
retired. just like my gambling habit
retired. do you have any hobbies?
i am sorry to hear that. i am retired now.
no pets, do you have a job?
i am a retired casino manager
that is true, i don't have to worry about them anymore
i am doing very well, how are you?
wow, i am a veteran. i have been serving since the war.
i am from canada. my grandfather fought in the wwii
yes i did, i was in the army so i had a lot of free time.
it was, i am glad i did it. what do you do?
do you know what a gymnast is?
oh that is awesome. i am a veteran and i do a lot of walking.
good. just got done with a hamburger and fries. i am so hungry.
i just finished making some burgers.
oh, that is sad. you should take him for a walk.
what is your favorite food?
i like them, but don't walk in them. i like to drink soda.
that is a good day, i like to watch the moon rise.
that is cool, i like to eat french fries and hamburgers
sorry to hear that. what do you enjoy in your free time?
i am great! just finished a shopping trip! you?
i don't know, i am a weirdo.
i do. i am a watch guy so i want to be the best.
that sounds fun! i love shopping and finding new shoes
i am glad to hear that. do you work?
yeah, that is why i love shopping and watching movies
you should look into getting a quartz watch.
i like to read a lot.
yes i can tell you i like horses
they are very loyal animals
they eat whatever is in the fridge.
i am not sure what he eats. i think he just eats the ingredients.
cool! do you live in the usa? i am in canada
i love to drive my car around. what do you drive?
all kinds. i am a musician.
i like alternative and hip hop.
i am doing well, just getting home from a night shift at the restaurant. you?
cool! i am a waitress and a rider.
i like to ride my bike, it is my only transportation.
i like the color blue and i am a waitress
oh wow! you must be young.
i understand, i have to work to support myself now
i like to dance to folk music.
oh, i see. i am a waitress, so i don't have much time to play.
i am well and you?
that is so cool. i am retired now, but i used to do a lot of video games.
i have not heard of that game before. what is it?
oh no! do you have any grandchildren?
i like robots. i have a great grandson.
i would love to see that
i have a huge garden and i love to sew.
i enjoy sewing, and i have wonderful children and grandchildren
i am good. how about you?
that is so cool. i am a activist for animals
that is funny, i don't know if i am old enough to be dating
no, i just like being weird. do you have any kids?
oh my god, that is not good
no, i am not. i am an animal activist.
no. they are too young to go after birds. they are just too sweet.
that is sad i am sorry. do you live in the city?
hello. getting ready to go to a great restaurant with my friends. you?
i am a teacher at a kindergarten. what do you do?
i am getting married soon. my friends are getting married in the spring.
i see, i love to eat out with friends
that is great. i love eating out.
the spring. the time is perfect. my birthday is the 29th.
i live in new york and love the food here!
oh nice. do you have any hobbies? i like to go to restaurants.
that is cool. i love eating out with friends
good. i have been working all day. how about you?
i like him too. i am getting married in spring.
what do you do for a living?
that is awesome! do you have any siblings?
yes it is! i am getting married in the spring.
that is cool i like to eat out
i like blue. you?
my favorite color is pink and i like to eat out.
hello! i am doing well, just got done coaching little league baseball.
why? what crime were you in?
oh, i am sorry. i am a little jealous
oh no! i am sure you will get out soon. i am a little league coach.
i am sorry to hear that, what do you do for fun?
i am old too but my sons help me out a lot
that is cool. i have a mini van that i drive
oh, i love reading. especially when i have a glass of wine.
hi i am doing good just got a new apartment
thank you so much! i really hope you have a great time too!
cool! i just got a new apartment. it is much better than my apartment in college.
oh, that is interesting. i don't know a lick about rap. i am a bartender.
that is cool. i am in college now to become a nurse.
wow! that is an impressive number of bf
i don't know....... i just don't like the saying...
i hope so. i have got my best friend.
hello i am a child from the early 80s
that is awesome, i am still a kid but i like to keep busy
i like hiphop, but not as much as old school
they terrify me! i am a sucker for old school hip hop.
i know how you feel! i have been through that too!
that is amazing! do you have any other pets?
that is nice. do you like music?
i love to make jewelry and art
i am doing well, thanks. how are you?
i don't mind random, i love to paint
i have a german shepherd. he is the most loyal dog you will ever have.
retired from farming. what about you?
i am not a big person but i love my job
i hope so. so what are some of your hobbies?
oh yeah, me too. i love to go to the mountains and explore.
i am doing good, just eating some papaya, i love it! how are you?
i love tea! my family loves to eat italian food.
i am a very boring person
i have never been there. is it pretty?
i am. i love beekeeping! it is my passion.
i am a farmer. i have been married to a beautiful person from italy.
i am not deaf but i am very close to my husband and have no brothers or sisters
i love to go camping and hunting
i am a terrible person. they don't even know my real name.
i am not sure! maybe it is genetic?
yes i do. what is your name?
thanks. i have been trying to get close to them but its tough.
it was nice talking to you as well! have a good one!
oh nice! i do too, but mostly i just play video games.
i love the color orange. what else do you like?
i like band shirts and jeans. i am not a skinny girl.
cool! do you have a favorite band or favorite style of clothing?
i love band shirts and ribbons.
i am a brunette with really short hair, i don't know what i want to do with my life.
i am in the usa. but i love my new skinny jeans and thigh high leather boots.
yes! i love this city!
i am well! just got back from a mountain bike ride, how about you?
congratulations on that. i work construction. i hate it
construction. i hate it, but i need the money.
i love burgers too. do you like beer?
that is nice of them.
oh no i am so sorry. i am sure they will come around.
i am used to it, i have a big coffee habit now.
i like mountain biking. i am a big coffee drinker. i hate it.
i am doing well. i just retired. what about you?
that is nice. i am retired but i still enjoy sewing.
that is true. i have amazing grandchildren, and they provide me with everything.
what do you like to do in your free time?
it would, and i can enjoy my life.
its okay, i have a great grandchild that i sew for my grandson.
yes, i have great grandchildren and great kids
that is a lot of people, i don't have kids but have great grandchildren
hey there, i am good. my interests are in cars and i love to sell them.
i love to shop online, i have been doing that since i was young.
i don't eat much of that since my job is so stressful.
i love to eat out. it is my favorite thing to do.
true, i am 40 and my wife is still with me
i am sorry to hear that. what kind of shoes do you wear?
yes i am, i am 40 years old
i have never used it. i do like to read the news though.
hi tom i am a baby delivery nurse
i am glad to hear that you like animals
yes it does! i am a nurse at a hospital.
that is too bad. i love my family.
i have never been to disneyland but i love reading a book
i like him too. i also like reading. do you like reading?
i am reading a book
that is great i love to read
i am doing well. how are you?
i like to eat and drink soda.
i like to eat french fries and burgers.
i am in a house. do you have any hobbies?
my children and grandchildren live in our house. i don't want to take them away.
that is terrible. i hope you are doing better now.
that is cool. i am a homebody, i live in a house.
oh i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you are doing well now
i just came back from a cruise i was on, i am a chef
i have been to a couple of islands but not really my thing
i am not very good at it, i am more into cooking.
that is cool. do you have a family? i have a wife and son.
that is awesome i am a bit of a chef but i am not very good
yeah i have been traveling the world since i was in middle school
i have had it for a while. do you like to travel?
yes, he brought along some spare clothes as well!
hello i am good and how are you
i am a stay at home mom.
i love watching those too
i like both but britney spears is my favorite
anything britney spears, lol
i work in a doctors office.
i don't, i don't travel too much
where do you work at
yes i do! do you like sports?
brown hair is nice, but i prefer blue.
that is so annoying!!
wow that is a lot
oh cool, so you are a vegetarian?
that is great, i hope it works out for you!
oh no, that is not good. i have a wife that believes that too.
i am doing great, i am glad to be home. how are you?
that would be fun, i am sure. where do you live?
i teach elementary school, so i have 9 year olds all over.
yes, i teach at a school, so i am the only one there.
no, i am not. i am still teaching. what do you do?
yes they have been around for a while.
wow, that is a lot of kids! i do teach at a elementary school.
oh no! what kind of music do you like? i like up.
i am a professional wrestler, what do you do?
sorry to hear that! i am sure you have some nice things to share about each other
i don't know what that means but i love it!
i am not familiar with his name, what is his name?
i have been to the homeless shelters, they are great. i volunteer there.
i am a professional wrestler. i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip
i have been to the beach. do you hike there?
that sounds like fun!
i am fine thank you. how are you?
i am also a night owl.
i am a waitress at a cafe
what do you do for a living?
i am not good at singing, my motor bike helmet would be more effective.
i like all kinds of music, do you have a favorite?
yes. do you have any other hobbies?
what do you do for work?
i am a city person.
i am terrified of spiders
yes, my dad drove a car for nascar when i was in middle school
i am a postal worker so i am always on the go.
i work for the us postal service
i drive a truck for a postal service. i hate to drive.
i do! i listen to the postal service.
i love country music. what is your favorite song of all time?
i am great. i had a delicious taco. you?
that is good. i love dogs.
i have two brothers and two sisters
i am in alabama, where are you from?
my brother travels a lot.
we are very close, but not to each other
yes we love football and we love to go to taco bell
i love walking outside and gardening.
i don't have a car but i love to garden
i teach english. i love the outdoors, gardening, walking, and dogs.
a poodle. she is very loving and loyal, very sweet and playful.
i love dogs! i have one and she is a great companion.
maybe, i am in school as a teacher so i don't have much free time.
that is cool. what kind of work do you do?
i do! i love going to the farmers market every weekend. what about you?
same here, have a great day
hey, i am a 24 year old college graduate, i love to eat with friends.
that sounds like fun. i am a 24 year old girl.
i like them too. i have not heard of icp.
that is great. i am getting married in spring. my fav singer is taylor swift
i am sure it is! are you married?
i am so excited!!! what is your favorite food
i like taylor swift, i am getting married soon.
you don't know what you do?
yes, i have been thinking about a reread of jane austen s pride and prejudice
i am a stay at home mom. my husband works.
that is cool. what do you like to do for fun?
i live action roleplaying events. what about you?
wow that is great! i am a bit older and live alone.
i am a call of duty player
i am into roleplaying, and role playing games
that sounds fun, do you like music?
i am so sorry! my dad works at home depot
my dad was also a christian, but he worked at home depot.
i work in the human services industry
i am not sure. it just means i was a home dad.
do you work? i do human services.
i like to paint with my blood
oh that sounds like a fun job. do you have any hobbies?
hi i coach little league baseball and you?
no, i coach them. i am the only one who does.
i am a full time mom of 5
i love wine! i also love wine in my mini van.
oh i don't have any pets
i understand, do you have kids?
i love to kayak too. i love wine in the evening.
i bet, i am just relaxing at home with the kids
i am a musician so i don't have a lot of money to help
you are very young. good luck.
nice! i am a musician. what do you play?
that is not good. i am sorry. what do you want to study?
that is a great job to have.
i don't work, i am a musician
do you have any hobbies?
me too, what is your favorite song?
hello. how are you today?
hi, regina. i do dance, but my family is very distant. do you have family?
that is a cute name for a bookstore. do you like to read?
i like french fries the best. i am not a fan of them on their own though
i do. i have a dog named george.
wow, that is so cool. i am a farmer.
i love to grow bamboo, it is my favorite. do you have a favorite food?
it is called the beatles. i am very passionate about them
i am good how are you?
oh, cool. i am studying to be a programmer.
yeah, it is a good job but not for everyone. what do you like to do?
what do you like to do?
i have a dog. we go swimming a lot. do you?
i like journey the best. do you have a family?
i am not ready for kids yet
yes, they are great. do you like music?
why did you get into trouble?
that is great! i am a construction worker so i get home in a lot!
oh i understand that! you should get a tattoo
oh i am sorry to hear that. i hope you will be out soon.
you should go see if they have tacos there, they are my favorite!
that sounds like an interesting job
oh i am sorry to hear that
that is a bummer. i love nascar and i work construction.
my dad tried to set me up on blind dates but i am terrified of them
that is cool. my dad is always trying to get me on blind dates.
that is cool. i have a job at a gas station.
my dad tried to set me up on blind dates but i did not want to.
yes, they were very controlling and controlling. i am glad i have parents now
no its just i am terrified of them
yeah, i have a couple clowns that keep getting in my way
i am good how are you
good. just got a new job. how about you?
i used to be too, now i work as a life coach.
that is a very kind thing to do
i like to be active i am in a marathon
my favorite color is red. what is your favorite food?
navy blue is a great color.
that is cool. i love to run.
hello, darlene. i am great! how are you?
i have been to spain, i have been to paris a lot.
that sounds like a very strong job
that is awesome! i love to travel. i have been to spain.
that is awesome. i love traveling and reading.
married. kids are fun.
i am single too. i am going to retire next year.
lol, i am sure i will retire before then.
hi! my day is going good. just got home from disneyland! how are you?
do you like movies? i love the musical version of frozen.
i like singing songs from the movie frozen. do you like movies?
i love teaching. it was my favorite past time as a kid.
they don't know yet. i have to stay in school. do you go to disney?
i live in new mexico, i have a house near disney world too.
oh i love watching sports. my favorite is probably the mickey mouse movie.
i love to read books and i am retired
really? that is cool! do you like it there?
i don't, but i would love to retire to spain in a few years.
german shepherds are cute, but my dog will destroy them.
that is good. i am retired, so i am able to travel a lot.
i have cats too! i love them!
i like to read. what do you like to read?
yeah it is i have been there many times
sure. do they have solar panels there?
why not? is it that they don't like your privacy?
i do, sometimes i go with my friends to surf and social media.
i am a girl too. i will go with you.
i have solar on my roof
i like to shop on social media, and i like to shop on instagram.
i have solar panels on my roof. i am a feminist.
that would be great, thank you! i am a feminist
i am great. i just finished work on my mustang.
i have a lot of country music on.
nice. what do you do for a living?
do you have any pets?
i don't have any animals, but my two cars are vintage.
my dogs are called charlie and emmy. i also have a couple of ferrari.
that is a lot of animals!
it really is. do you like vintage cars?
sure i am four, so i don't mind.
oh no! i hope everything is okay.
he is a poodle mix.
i am not sure. i don't know how to tell.
i want to be a dog, i think they would love me.
they remind me of blocks, which is why i want to be one.
i don't have a lot of free time, so i watch a lot of cartoons.
chase is my favorite too! i like to sing about them.
that is healthy. i spend my money on cars
i love the color green!
oh... i am sorry... i am not very good at jokes
i am a stay at home mom so i watch a lot of tv
i love to socialize with my friends. what about you?
you could be i am not sure really. i do watch a lot of tv
i would be more worried about getting caught than about getting caught
no, i just spend a lot of money on cars.
i guess so but i am not sure if that is appropriate here.
i am well, and yourself?
i used to dance before i became a housekeeper.
that is nice. i am 56 years old and still fantasizing.
that sounds like a tough situation. do you have any hobbies?
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
do you like to travel? i do.
my kids love fries. i am 56 years old and my husband died last year.
yes those are good also
hi i am so sorry to hear that. i love reading books to relax
nice. i like mickey mouse and his movies.
that is cool. what do you do for a living?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i love to read and enjoy disneyland
that show is hilarious. i am watching the halloween movie
that is cool! do you have a job?
basketball is fun! do you have a family?
that is a good idea!
i am doing well! how are you?
i am still in high school, i am only in 3rd grade
i like to work on cars and play with my dolls.
that is nice. i am not really much of a horse person.
country music, what about you?
training horses. i want to be a physical therapist.
i want to be a physical therapist when i am finished with high school
that is great! i want to be a physical therapist.
i am good how are you
i sell cars, my wife works as one too, but she does not want to work anymore
that is great. i sell cars, and my wife loves it.
i have been divorced for 2 years.
well i have to go. nice chatting with you
i would be interested to hear your ideas.
i don't think you should be able to do that
hi, i am good. how are you?
i have been playing the guitar since i was three, i play the bass
i am really into the guitar. i learned when i was three.
i spend my money on my hobbies. i sing country songs, and guitar.
i am on the low carb side, so i am sure you are not.
i am a bit of a loner and have never been to a national park.
i grew up on a farm in kentucky, so i know a little bit.
i have been playing the guitar since i was three. i love it.
i am a bit of a health nut. i quit my job and am now a guru.
i have not been able to do much since i quit my job.
1980 was a great year. i quit my job to be a guru.
you should try buddhism. it is peaceful and helps you find your inner peace
lol... what is your favorite color? mine is blue...
i have not looked into it.
lite brite sounds good! i am a buddhist. do you meditate?
just hanging out with my family in canada. you?
that sounds delicious. do you have any hobbies?
oh wow. that is awesome. i have never been to olympa
i like football and hockey. you?
do you like the military?
i like to go to the gym to stay fit and exercise.
i am a soldier in the us army, what about you?
i did not get the nutrition i needed to survive
i am great how are you
i am sorry. my wife is having an affair
i understand that. i have a hard time getting out of bed
oh wow that is young. i am married to a professional tennis player
yes, i do. i walk my dog with my family often.
you are too smart for them
i have a dog that has those too. he is so cute
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you can find happiness soon.
i am sure you are wonderful.
that is great. what do you do for fun?
i am doing good, i am planning a divorce
just got off work. i sell cars for a living
i am 40 years old. i live in california
i am sorry. i am a salesman. my wife works at a dealership.
oh that is good i am a car salesman
i don't know, it just happens. i am still in love with my wifes smile.
i guess. i just hate my job. i sell cars.
well good luck with that!
hey i am only 59
that is great, i am a christian, and my sister is a pole dancer.
i have been to spain as well. i love the red color of the sky.
i love camping. i have a cabin i live in that i use as a camping spot.
i like to bake. i have a big family so we all camp together.
what do you like to do?
my favorite holiday! i am a christian and i love to eat red.
i like to crochet. i also enjoy listening to classical music.
i am good. i am just hanging out in the cloud. you?
i am very lost in a cloud.
it is the ability to see in the clouds
i am not sure really. just felt like it. i am not very social.
i am sure someone can. do you have any other hobbies?
i see. you must have a lot of patience.
that is so great. i am a little girl so i am super busy!
i am 15, and i live with my mom and sister
hi! i am well and you?
i like to dress up in ruffle shirts and jeans and play games.
nice. i am a girl with a really long hair.. you?
i don't know what that is
i am a guy with a short hair
i am a girl and my hair is too short to rock out to music
that is a good song. i like rock music.
haha i know what you mean. do you have any hobbies?
i did! it was beautiful. i love sunset!
it is. i have been playing with my dolls all day
why did they break up?
i don't have any pets. i wish though.
his name is bill, i love turtles
that sounds fun. i have a turtle, do you have any pets?
i love blue. you?
i like to play with my dolls
good afternoon, i am good. how are you?
it is a dog. i am the leader of the circus
yes, it is yoga. i also compete in a dance competition
i am sorry to hear that. i am a store owner.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a dancer so i don't feel that
oh, i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that, but i am not into military stuff.
that is cool, what kind? i like the smell of flowers and candles.
i love cats! my parents have cats, they live in their own home.
i want to be close to my parents but i don't have to because i am 19.
i like to have fun with my friends too. i don't drink, nor do drugs
i love animals!! i am 19 and i want to live a long, long time.
yeah i know but my parents are allergic
that is great. animals are so beautiful
i love purple, i am 19 and i dyed it purple
i know i just want to enjoy life
hello. i am doing good. how are you?
i am athletic and have been working at the same place for a while.
i am a runner, and i am a life coach.
oh no, you should try marathons instead. i love them.
well you should run and eat healthy to stay in shape
i love to run and am a great cook
yeah, it is. my parents used to do that.
i eat very healthy and try to stay very clean.
hello! my name is lucy. i am 13. i am the soccer player
i am not a big fan of math, but i am not the only one.
i don't know why they throw things at me.
that is too bad. do you have a soccer scholarship?
haha, that is a good trick!
i am 13. my brother is older than me, he is like 10.
i don't, but i have a brother who is older than me
i don't have a pet. my brother is older than me so he does not have a pet.
nice i love to cook too, i have a ford pinto
i am a spanish speaking person, and also a donut loving person.
i am good. i am from the us.
its black. what do you do for a living?
cool i love the band insane clown posse
yes, i do! that is awesome! do you have any hobbies?
what do you do on your free time?
i think we had a donut shop down there
great! i am so proud of myself!
i am a little lazy sometimes, i am in high school
i am a senior at the high school, i just got home from school.
yeah, i am a sophomore in high school
what is your major in college?
i think so, i am excited to get started!
i like mcdonalds. what about you?
that is great i like to eat a lot of fast food
no but my brother and i do have a dog. i named her taco.
i like dogs, and tacos. what do you like?
no i have none, do you have any?
i live with my brother and my sisters.
lol....... i have 3 dogs, so baths are a bit much for me!
i don't have any pets, i do have a sister and brother
haha that is cute! i love dogs, they are my favorite animal!
i am good. just eating my usual meals. you?
i like to read a lot. what is your favorite book?
i like to read and do other things too. what else do you do?
that would be so cool
wow that is a cool game!
wow! that is amazing! what else do you do for fun?
oh, i see. do you like to read?
what do you do for work?
i am good. just eating a paella. i love it!
yes i do! do you have a favorite cuisine?
no pets. do you like to cook paella? i love it!
that is nice of you. what is your favorite dish to make?
my weekends are pretty good, i visit europe twice a year, you?
oh wow that is unfortunate. i don't have any issues shaving
that sounds like a great vacation. do you like to travel?
i like to go to europe, i visit every year.
hi, doing well, thanks. how about you?
cool, i am a woman.
i have a cat named radar
yes. we have been together for 2 years.
i am a girl and a man
i work at a candy store.
cool! i don't have any animals, but i do enjoy sports.
me too! i am a vegetarian but i love animals.
i am doing well. just finished a wonderful county wide bake sale.
just baking cookies. i love baking.
i just had some cookies and some left overs. what are you up to?
she is a labrador. she is very loyal.
that sounds like it is a lot of fun. do you have any other pets?
i am a baker and i love to bake.
i am actually a baker! i love it!
i am a homebody, i love baking cookies and dogs.
i am good. i just got back from a marathon.
i love nyc, i went to college there
yeah. but i am a healthy, clean eater and it is important to be healthy.
no, my parents both were athletes and they were doctors.
that is tough. i am so sorry.
i bet! what do you do for fun?
i bet. i am glad i am healthy.
you should try marathons and keep up the good work.
i am an avid fisherman. i love to fish.
my parents are very wealthy and i think i would be impressed
yes, but i have a long way to go before i even get to that point.
no, my parents are extremely rich. they are very well off. i am only 16
i am a huge fan of bmws. i have a bmw myself. do you have pets?
i am sure you are not cruel. you are just trying to help.
i don't laugh but i do think i will go to school for business
hi there, i am doing well.
oh no. my dad is a clown, he keeps trying to get me to date him.
haha.. i am sorry. my dad tried that to me...
my dad keeps trying to set me up on dates.
cool. do you have a family?
that is good. i have a hard time trusting people
well, i don't go alone, so i have to get along with the other people.
wow!! that is awesome
i like chess and chess board games better than facebook
not really. i like to stay in person. i have been single for a few years now
i have two. they are so much fun
i am single. i am not drinking. do you drink?
it is hard to find a job. my husband and i just lost our jobs.
i am single and live with my two dogs.
yeah, it is, but i don't like it.
hi.. pretty good.. how are you?
what do you do for a living
yes. what else do you enjoy?
no he stayed with my 3 sisters and me.
that sounds like a lot of responsibility. do you have any hobbies?
that is tall. i am guessing it is nice.
that would be so cool
waffles are great! what are your hobbies?
that sounds fun! tell me a little bit about yourself.
no, just for fun. i don't compete.
haha... that is a good way to put it...
what kind of job? i am currently learning mandarin.
well, my dad is an electrician, so he taught me.
yeah, its really fun. i learned chinese last year, i love it.
i can do that for her. she loves learning. i am a violinist myself.
i am doing well. i just got home from a super power concert. you?
yes, i am so lonely.
i know but i am too lazy to check
i like to watch the clouds roll by and enjoy the silence. you?
i can stop time. i am very lonely so i just do it.
yes i can, but only to when i want
i would love to be a super hero
what do you like to do?
hello. what is your favorite color?
i am in ohio. i am getting ready to hit the treadmill.
triplets! i bet they are cute
i don't think i would ever be good enough to work out.
i love my job, but i don't have time for it anymore
i am a little bit. i don't have much time.
that is nice. i love to exercise
oh i thought you said you were dating someone else
i live in colorado, i hate it
i live in colorado. i do enjoy the spring though, i love it.
yeah they have some pretty nice rock formations.
cool. i live in colorado. where are you from?
yeah, i love the cold. i also enjoy hiking, its my favorite activity.
i do, what is your favorite activity?
oh nice! i like to go rock climbing with my dog trooper.
true story! i am actually a mechanic, so i know a bit about fixing cars.
wow, do you have any hobbies?
i wish i had time to go see that
i am a stay at home mom, my husband works.
i agree, but i feel like my hubby needs me
that is true. i spend my time on facebook. it is my source of information.
that is true, i just don't like the idea of god.
i am overweight and unhappy.
i know but it is hard
i am good. just finished a run on the beach.
it is a type of fruit. orange is my favorite color.
i do care about fashion. i don't care about work
i don't care about fashion.
i am only nineteen myself. i am not excited.
thanks for the advice. i will keep it in mind
yes, i do dance competitions on the weekends
banjo is a cool name. i don't play video games myself.
i am doing very well and you
i am watching cooking shows on the tube. i like cooking shows too!
oh. i have never been to the states.
that is nice. i have been to germany and have swam there before.
what is your favorite food? i am not a fan of meat.
i have tried. it is fun though.
oh no, that is not good. i am so sorry. what do you do for fun?
lol that is funny. do you like the steelers?
i am from the united states. where are you from?
oh, cool. i am from the united kingdom
you should go and try out some of the fancy stuff i drink at the club
i am single, how about you?
yeah, i have a big book library, so easy to lose track of things.
i have never had soda, do you have a favorite type?
that sounds cool, i am a full time student
i am so sorry. i am glad you are okay.
that is so interesting. i am a postal worker.
i like spiders but i hate snakes... i have one that eats my baby
i like the color grey. what is your favorite food?
oh. i am a postal service employee.
i would not wish that upon my worst enemy
that sounds scary. what is your job?
i do, but i am scared of anything that is not black. i don't know why
wow, you are a very busy person
great. i am just enjoying a great book by jane austen
i am sorry. i have a dog too, but he is not very active.
that is a lot of responsibility
me neither but i do like traveling
i have been to spain. it is beautiful.
i am glad i have been around long enough to enjoy traveling. what is your favorite thing about traveling?
do you have any hobbies?
you would like it a lot.
i am in texas. i am a big texas fan!
oh nice. i have a pet turtle
i am sorry to hear that.
oh. do you have any pets?
yes i do i have a turtle. what are your hobbies?
oh, i see. i am not much of a home maker.
that is a good exercise. i don't dance.
i have no idea. i just picked it up.
i am doing very well. how are you?
wow, that sounds peaceful! i am a buddhist.
wow. that sounds like an interesting life
i am a buddhist so i don't know much about cia
i love horses, i have a buddhist cat, he is very loving
i quit my job and just focus on practicing.
yes i am in alaska. do you have any hobbies?
it is beautiful. i have been there for many years.
its great here how are you
that is good! do you like movies?
that is a lot of walking
that is good. i spend time with my family.
i am employed by the parks department at a local park
i like to walk 3 miles every day to relax
that is nice do you like canada?
i agree! i walk three miles every day to and from disneyland.
hello how are you today
i am too old to use one. my children are a handful.
he does. he is the reason my wife left me, she said she would leave if i did not.
i don't believe in him. i don't believe in facebook.
do you believe in god? i don't.
do they? i am so overweight i could never use one
yes! i am happy there. i like the kids, but i don't believe in god.
i am hoping so!
i grew up in a big home.
no i don't think so. i am wearing a hat now.
i understand. i have a broken arm. i am glad i don't need them
he is a famous skateboarder. he is always skating.
i know. i just wish i did not have to wear a hat all the time.
that sounds horrible! i am glad i live in the country.
i have not but i have broken my arm
it is my favorite thing to eat
hello, my name is lucy, how are you?
i am doing well. just working on the treadmill and rowing machine.
its okay, it is not my career.
i like to run. i like to do it with my 2 dogs. do you have pets?
i do, but i am very busy with my pets
i hope to become a music teacher.
yes i am rich now
hello! i grew up on a farm with my parents.
i am on meds to see seeing a dr about my vision
what do you do for a living?
i have been a junkie all my life
that is cool. do you have a lot of friends to go with you?
i am not really into the partying part. i am more into my job as a bartender
that is great, i love to go to the bar and drink.
good. how are you doing?
i am a divorced father, and have no kids, but i have a studio.
i don't really do you?
that is great, i am a engineer.
i am 46. i am single and have been divorced for 2 years.
i don't. i just listen to the beatles and work on my studio.
thank you, i am proud of what i have accomplished
thank you. it is hard but i have to try
i am doing well, just playing with my pobox
well i did not get my grades up. i am a redhead
yes, i do. my hair is long and dark.
i am from the planet mars.
that sounds good! i am in the states as well. i am only 12 years old.
that sounds good. i love meat.
i play pogo with my friends all day.
i love red meat and pita bread
i am doing well, how are you?
i like cookies. i am from cali
i love dogs. i have 3 and they keep me active
no i am a dancer, and i love dancing. i also dance with my kids.
i am only 78 but i feel like i am in pretty good shape.
i love the 80s music, i listened to that all the time as a child
i like to dance, i love hip hop, i was born in the late 80s.
yes i have a dog, her name is tiki. do you?
i am good and you?
what do you do? i am a producer for a radio station.
cool. i have a car. a honda civic. its my favorite car
i know right. i would rather drive a honda civic than sit in traffic
rap is my favorite music, what do you do?
oh that sucks. i am a producer so i am strict too
i understand. i produce music for a living
i can get a lot of toppings if i just have my favorite food around.
hey there, how are you?
i did not attend, but i did go to a few events with my family.
true. i am still in school. do you have any children?
i live in boston but i moved to yale last year with a degree in finance.
i am sure it is. i just moved to new york with my parents, they are very wealthy.
i have a bmw. do you like to travel?
nice! i have a mustang, but i prefer the bmw. do you have any hobbies?
i would say a lot of people, especially in finance.
i did not hear about that. what happened with that one?
absolutely! i hope you are right.
what else do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
do you have any hobbies
i am good. how are you?
i am in georgia. its hot here too, but i love my cats.
yeah, i love it. i am a house builder.
i am into building homes, my five cats are my best friends.
i am a construction worker.
i love to build things. i am currently building a house.
i like to bake. i have a recipe for a new taco.
yes, i live in a house on the coast.
hello jeff. i am mia. nice to meet you as well
i do, but not on a regular basis. i love to dance. i do poles.
i don't mind it, but i have to agree.
no i just like to be drunk
no i am not i just like to listen to classical music
i love the color red
i agree with you. do you have any hobbies?
oh wow i love red so much! what do you do for fun?
hi! it is going great, just got done reading a book. you?
what do you listen to? i am into kayaking
i have never camped. i don't like the outdoors.
oh, i remember those days fondly too. i am glad i am not young anymore.
i like reading the journal i read every day. i also love to hike
not really. i like to stay in shape.
i hope you have a safe and warm home.
do you have any hobbies?
hello. i am from ny. i live in a big city.
i do love hiking. we go for walks there.
no, do you have any hobbies?
i am actually a housewife, i take my boyfriend there often to fix our maids.
i love going for walks and eating french fries.
no, i don't like to watch television much, i prefer to eat.
i like to buy things i can use in my kitchen.
i like french fries and burgers. and i love to drink soda
i am doing well. i am from the united states.
i have been playing since i was three. i work at a school as an instrument teacher.
i have a step kid and triplets
oh, that is cool. i just moved into my first house. i am excited.
yeah, i have a job working in a school. i just moved into my first house
city. i just moved in with my new roommate.
i do, three. they are triplets.
it is, i just have to find time. what do you do?
i do! i live in a big red house with bright blue skies.
no. do you?
yes i can but only if i have my lights on.
oh nice, do you race?
do you have a big family?
cool. i like to ride my motor bike, but that is it.
i don't have a pedaling buddy, but it is fast!
i have a motorcycle helmet
i am 36, how old are you?
wow, that is great, what grade do you teach?
that is great, do you have any kids?
i am a pianist. i am the lead singer for an indie band.
oh i see, i play piano and teach music
i am a pianist, i can teach you
do you have any kids?
oh wow, that is amazing. how many instruments do you play
hello! i am mia. i love dogs.
i am sure they would like that
that is so sweet. how long have you been singing?
cool, i love to do the rowing machine and the treadmill
her name is nina. she likes to be run while rowing.
that is cute. i don't have a dog.
i do, i sing along to my favorite band, the treadmill and the rowing machine.
oh, i am more of a reader.
oh no i love chicken! i like to cook it, but i love to eat it raw
i don't think that is true. i am a chemist.
yeah, i know. i am a dancer, so i have to make a lot.
i love bars. do you like the color orange? i hate it.
i don't think so. i am a dog person. i love them
i don't have a best friend, but i do have a competition on friday.
my dogs name is nugget and she is a labrador
she says thanks. she is a great dog
i am great how are you
i am a tour guide in a big city.
i am also a museum curator at my local middle school
what do you do for a living?
i am the only one in my family. i grew up with it.
i have a huge book collection
that is cool i am only in high school.
i like all kinds. i also grow some rose plants in my garden.
i work. i play tennis professionally.
i hope you can do well in school.
i am a professional tennis player. i eat what ever i want.
that is great! i have a wife and a kid, but i am happy alone
no, i am a vegetarian.
what do you do for fun? i enjoy long walks with my dog.
i am a professional tennis player, i walk my dogs and my husband.
i have a big family. i have 5 kids and a wife.
i am doing ok how are you
i am not really sure. i like math and science
i love pobox and i love to play. what is your favorite color?
i play for my school. do you play any sports?
i don't work, i just play video games.
i am not sure what that is, i am only 12
do you have any siblings?
my hair is dark and curly. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing well. tired myself, but good. i am a librarian.
mysteries of the mind by kathryn stockett
i can relate to that. my husband is in jail
that is great. i hope you do well in it.
i can understand that. what do you plan to do after your mom?
it is! i also do a lot of tours for the local museum.
i do enjoy it. i also enjoy going to museums.
i am good how about yourself?
i have never been to alaska, i would like to go one day
that is cool. i live in alaska, where are you from?
i have not driven in 3 months, i live in alaska
i am not a big fan of country music, it reminds me of my alaska winters.
not as much as i would like, i am in alaska
i don't have a pet. i live in alaska.
i live in alaska and love it here.
yes it is nice. i love the sun.
yes i am a wrestler and i have to work a lot
i love raw hamburgers.
i volunteer at a homeless shelter
i understand that, do you like to workout?
i have been trying to find a job as a professional wrestler
i want to be a pro wrestler like my dad.
i am a professional wrestler so i am always looking for new opportunities
that is awful, i am sorry to hear that.
well, she is a dancer. she is still a professional athlete.
thanks, i try. i have 3 dogs and a kid
sounds relaxing. i just got off work. i am an engineer in it.
i am very social, i have a family, and i love animals
red is a great color. i like blue, do you?
my family are good, i am the youngest of 8 kids, and you?
i dance for a living, but i prefer to learn dance.
i dance once a week at a club. i love dancing to old school hip hop.
what are you up to this weekend?
i don't have a hair color, but i do love to dance
i am not a fan of pink. i don't like the color green.
no i don't. do you?
going to my favorite dance class. what about you?
what is it called? i remember dance lessons
oh, i see. that is a healthy diet.
cool. my brother has an older brother that is in soccer
oh, that is a great field to be in! i just started my senior year.
i like to ride the bus to school, do you?
i like to play soccer, i don't have to worry about math.
that is cool i like to ride the bus
i don't know what that means
hello! i am good, i am just relaxing.
i am male, but i am a boy.
i have been born with a heart inside my body.
i am not sure, but i am sure it was.
haha. i am sure they would love it! do you work?
i am glad you think so.
me too. i am glad to be alive and able to move around.
i love spending time with my little girl.
what kind of car is it?
i am a little girl and i like to keep my cars running smoothly
i don't think it would help much
i am 14. how about you?
i am so lonely i just live on the cloud.
oh that is sad. what kind do you have?
i am a little girl so i have a lot of free time.
i am doing well. just got done watching the halloween movies.
yes i have to get up early to watch the movie i love
yes it is. what are your hobbies?
i live in new york. i love it here.
i live in the country side too. my dad is a homemaker.
same, i am just a father
my father used to work for home depot, i am not sure what my fave is.
oh, do you have chickens, cows, pigs, cows, horses?
that is great! i love my 3 storey house. i love to walk my dog.
i play tennis. i am also a professional. do you work?
i live in a house, i have 3 other rooms
i don't like it either, i live in the cold.
tennis is my hobby, and i am a professional
no, i don't. i live in a small house, i have 3.
me too, my house is growing and i want it to be complete.
i try, you know, i try.
hi, i am good. how about you?
i love drinking coffee as well.
i understand that, i am in school right now, i hope to be a banker in the future
yeah, i am a big fan of sports.
i like to travel to the mountains to do bmws.
i love pink! it is my favorite color.
ah, i see. well i hope you get to work with your family someday!
i am a banker. i love my job
i am watching television and going to the dance floor
i will ask her. she is here with me.
i drink wine, dance and dance. i will celebrate with you.
i don't know if i will live that long. i have a strong heart
i am not sure, but i do like to drink wine. do you?
oh that is not good. i love to drink wine and dance
i don't drink, do you?
oh that is fun. i like to rock climb.
i like to rock climb, but i am a engineer.
i love that cartoon. i am a little old to watch it, but i love to listen to music
oh, i have never had a brite. i am more into rock climbing
that sounds like a lot of fun. what do you do for a living
yeah, but i am a nerd so i listen to all kinds.
that is awesome! i like to rock climb.
oh. i live in colorado. where do you live?
i am from the united states. do you have any hobbies?
i wish i could get out more and spend more time outside.
oh wow, that is cool. i don't have a lot of free time.
oh ok that is pretty cool
oh okay, that is not good. i am trying to lose weight.
that sounds good. i have never tried it.
i am a bit of a health nut, so i stay very active.
i am saving for my own house, but he does not want me to.
i am. it is the best season. i love to go hunting.
i love animals, especially bees. do you have any?
that is pretty cool. do you have a pet?
wow. i am a baseball fanatic.
wow, that is impressive, i don't have any olympa hat. i am from italy.
i have never been there. i am always on a search for a good vanilla ice cream.
i don't really like sports, but i do love my job
i don't i was a kid so i am not old enough.
no, i don't. i do like to cook.
i don't make much money, but i love food!
i love eating out. i just went to china for the first time last month.
i love to cook everything. i love to eat all kinds of food
well i draw it in the sky and only when the sky is dark
i am trying to learn, but i am not very good.
no i have not. that sounds interesting.
no. my family is not too supportive of that.
yeah, i am a bit of an introvert.
i see. do you have a hobby?
i am sorry to hear that. i am a watchmaker myself, but don't miss mine.
i have a lot of meditation to do. i also like to shop a lot.
that is interesting. i am not a spiritual person. i just love shopping.
i love shopping for new things, but my family does not support it.
oh no! are you ok?
i drive a dodge charger
i am a hiphop fan, but i like old school stuff.
its an old bmw. i love old school hip hop.
i hope you can afford your own car, i take dance lessons once a week
i am in school and i love to dance
i like cars as a kid. i want to take lessons again.
i have one that i took once a while back.
i am doing well. just playing tennis.
i love long walks with my dog and tennis
that is great, my husband is currently on tour in tennis.
oh okay. i am a professional tennis player
not at all, it is very relaxing.
i am a professional tennis player
they sure do. they are a handful.
i am not a fan of honor.
hi i am fine thank you for asking
i will try to do that. i will let you know how it turns out.
oh, i love roses too! i am studying to become a nurse.
yes, it has a nice shade of blue and a nice spot for a good book.
i have never been to a museum, but i am sure i will see you!
i love to travel. i have been to europe and mexico.
yes, but i am still studying for nursing.
i like tupac! do you know who he is?
that is nice i volunteer at a homeless shelter
oh, i see. what do you like to do?
it is. i have to wear all black when i volunteer in the homeless shelter
what do you do for a living
oh. i volunteer with dogs. they are good dogs.
i volunteer at a shelter and take care of the homeless
i volunteer at the local homeless shelter and wrestle
i am good, how are you?
yes i have a wife, kids and husband
i have three girls, they would freak out if i did.
maybe i will. what else do you do for fun?
oh. well maybe you can find a good one near you
i live in the countryside, in a rural area.
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you have any kids?
i think most would, but my wife and kids are the best
hi. i am good. how are you?
i am trying to stay lean
do you like britney spears?
i like to be very skinny and energetic.
i have two boys. do you have any kids?
i am a stay at home mom.
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing great. i just got back from a wonderful vacation in florida.
i am in florida. i love the hurricanes!!!
my house is in florida. i own it and my dog. you have pets?
i don't complain. i own my own house and all my animals.
i don't care for nascar
me too. i am a red blooded american and i like usc too.
you like sports? i like american football more then other sports.
yes. i like sports, too. i just love the freedom.
oh, that sounds relaxing. what do you do for fun?
oh no, what is her favorite dish?
i do too! i hate it. but my dogs don't care.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like to knit?
sure, what kind of thing would you want?
that is awesome, do you have any pets?
i am going to try. i am excited. what else do you do for fun?
do you enjoy it?
what do you do for a living?
i love reading too. my favorite books are harry potter and the lord of the rings
nice! i am studying to be a teacher in spring, so i will be busy.
that is right, i don't know anything about you.
kayaking is fun. i work with children, and i love spending time with them.
that is great! do you like music? i am getting married in the spring.
i am great. just working. i have a part time job at burger king. you?
cool! i work out at the burger king
that is awesome! i will look into it.
i live with my girlfriend of 7 years
yeah i know i know, but they don't care, they are my friends.
i have a long beard and blue eyes.
i am, i enjoy my job though
i am 19, what is your age?
i am doing ok. i am a teenager so i am not much older than you
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
oh, i am in a young age. i will be released in about a month.
i am only 22. i am going to school.
i don't. i am too old. i am in a secure youth detention center now.
yes it is. do you have any other hobbies?
nice. i am in a holding cell. i am only 14
i am in a very young age
i am the 3rd grade and i love to go to disney
do you have a favorite character? mine is probably micky mouse
that is great! i would love to have a place like that.
that is awesome! i hope to be a nurse when i am done with school.
oh, i see. what do you like to eat?
haha... i am in the 3rd grade
it is! what do you like to do for fun?
i love the frozen movie
i am doing great how about yourself?
i love eating. do you like to travel?
it is still long. i don't eat soda so i am not bloated.
me too! i am not a big drinker though
i am a housewife. i have a boyfriend.
it is really good. i also like it with some onion rings.
that sounds like a lot of fun
cool i am a waitress at the time but i work part time to supplement my income.
nice. i have not been there, but i hear its beautiful. i bet its amazing!
i don't like to cook. my main source of income is from my job as a waitress
yes, i know it when i see it in a race
i am a waitress at the moment to supplement my income.
they have a really nice body and are so furry
it is dangerous, i know that
i will be riding my motorbike to get back to the hospital. you like sports?
i am doing great! how about you?
that is great. my job is postal service, so i get to travel a lot
what do your parents do for fun
that is nice i am employed at the postal service
that is very kind of you.
my father drove me to nascar once.
oh fun. i love that type of music.
no i still have some
that sounds fun. i am a bee farmer, so i don't do much for fun.
i love fruit too. i love fruit too much.
i am in texas, i love it here, but i am ready for the change
yes i do, i am a gymnast. i am a farmer
no, but i do get honey all over my clothes. i have a lot of it.
thanks. you are a good person. i would love to be brave.
yes. i grow the honey here in pa.
i don't need tickets. i am a beekeeper. i am very close to my family.
i am doing good. just got back from my daily walk in the woods.
retired teacher. i am not much into cars.
i like watching war documentaries. how about you?
i have a cat, but no dogs. do you have pets?
what are your dogs name?
well, i am a retired teacher so i am biased.
i do, i listen to music on my walks.
that is great. what do you do for a living?
hi. i am doing great. how about you?
i don't but i do have a dog named drake
oh that is awesome! i am a door to door salesman.
yes, i have 3 dogs, a cat, and some chickens
it is. i love being with my 3 dogs
what do you do for a living?
yeah, i love dogs. i have 3 of them and we all work out at the same time.
yes it is i love them
hello! i am doing well. how about yourself?
sounds awesome. i like painting rooms.
what do you plan to do after you graduate?
i like to play basketball and i am looking for a job.
no, that is my sister.
i think so too. she does not look like a total slob.
i am a little envious of your situation. i have a sister but no job yet.
that is great! i am looking for work right now
good! just got home from buying my first home!
what is your twitter handle? i have a twin coming up in two months!
i am a vegan, but i eat a lot of eggs and fish.
thanks! i am excited because my life has always been very interesting.
boys... they are a handful. but they are my boys
that is a very enjoyable thing to do.
that is great. i am not really a feminist. more like an agoraphobic.
i agree. i am going to be buying another house after these twins come out.
i am good, just got off my treadmill.
i am a runner but i would rather be preparing for a marathon.
that is awesome. i am glad you like the gym.
no, but i am trying to become a cancer survivor
yes. i am a cancer survivor. i have been to several marathons.
i will have to check that out, thanks!
yes, they are both very competitive and have been at their job for years.
they are pro cancer. they also help me with the marathons i run and do triathlons
hello johnny. i am good. i just got done knitting a blanket
that sounds fun, do you make your own or buy?
i want to be a cat. i love cats.
i bake cookies. what kind of cookies do you like?
his name is leroy jenkins. i am really excited to bake him a batch of cookies
i love dogs, do you have any?
i am scared of that too. i am a knitter and i am worried about that.
i live in colorado. i am a mechanic.
i am a mechanical engineer.
i like rock climbing and mechanical engineering. i live in colorado
i like to drive. my favorite thing to do is rock climb.
what do you like to do for fun?
his name is trooper. i named him after my favorite star wars character, the trooper.
i love the colorado mountains. i live in colorado. you married?
yeah, i live out in colorado. you?
hi i am doing great just got back from my weekly book club meeting
yes! what is your favorite book?
oh that is great congrats!
congrats, i just started my new job.
congratulations! i have a husband, he is in pennsylvania.
i am pregnant so i don't eat much, but i love a juicy juicy juicy steak
same to you!
hello, i am home too. how are you?
i am not sure if i would like that. i would like to live in a city
i am sorry to hear that
why? i hope you get a new horse soon.
maybe you just need to find something to believe in
oh nice, i am not sure if i could do that.
you really should! it is really relaxing.
yes, my family has horses. do you?
i am doing well. just got done playing a game of chess with my two dogs
i am not a big drinker. i don't want to be a health nut.
oh okay, do you have a dog? i have two dogs.
oh wow! what do you do for fun?
i have a secret i am not telling anyone
that is cool. do you make your own music?
oh that is cool. do you have any pets?
i am great, just got my rainbow hair done. how are you?
that is good. i don't like it.
i am from the usa but i am not old enough to serve
yes i was in w1 and i am in w2 now
happy birthday! what is your favorite color?
i have a volvo too. i like it a lot.
yes they are rainbow. they have spots on their back and neck.
they are great. i don't have any pets though
i am good how are you?
just playing with my two cats. they keep me sane during the winter.
no. i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream though
i have a dog too, a cat. do you have any pets?
that is awful. i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
my collection is huge. i have over 2000.
i work in an office. i have a huge hat collection.
no its not hard. i just love collecting and keeping my collection. i have over 1000
hi larry. how are you today?
i like to spend my time on social media, especially social media
i like to use social media to find new people to hang out with.
i like to read comics. what do you like to do for fun?
you are a vegan? i am.
i don't follow politics, i am feminist.
i am a feminist. i am also an organic only girl.
you should. i am a feminist and social media is the best way to find activists.
i like to listen to the who
do you have any pets?
oh that is cool, i am a manager at a supermarket.
i love to travel! do you travel much?
i like to listen to the who. i love them.
i love skateboarding! i work at a local supermarket.
i do. i am in ohio, how about you?
yes, i wear a uniform at work, but i don't have to wear pants when in the store
i would like to! what is it about?
i am sorry you feel that way.
i don't speak any languages.
i am glad you found something!
i live in the usa, but i am in america now.
it is. but they have a lot of children.
you should try to find a job you like first
hi! i am good. how about you?
that is so cool. i like to watch the olympa.
it is! i love being in the open, so i can exercise all day.
i sell door to door. what about you?
i love door to door salesmen.
yes, i love people and animals. i also love to see the olympa
i love to go door to door selling door to door. what about you?
oh nice. do you live in the united states?
i want to be a cancer survivor, and i also want to be a life coach!
i work as a life coach. i am glad you enjoy it.
my parents were but i am a cancer survivor so they are supportive
i love country music. what do you listen to?
i am eating chicken nuggets.
no, i don't. i am a couch potato.
yeah its pretty awesome. i also just started a new job cleaning houses
i am good. what about you?
oh, okay, i guess. i am more of a female.
i do. do you?
nice! do you like donuts? i love them.
that is a great age. i love animals. i have a lot of animals.
i am in a band called the insane clown posse
yeah i work for a company called donuts, i love donuts
i am a call of duty player
i am a piano teacher!
i am a music teacher. i teach piano. violin, actually.
i like to go out on my violin and explore new areas of the city
i love my church. it is a good example to my kids.
i don't have any indoor plants. but i do love to explore.
i play the piano, but i also teach it.
that is interesting. i am not sure what kind of music i can play.
oh okay, that makes sense. do you enjoy music?
i am good thanks for asking
i am working on building a robot for my job.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a famous streamer so my mind works pretty good.
i understand that i am working on a robot for a living.
i am a stay at home mom. i don't have time for school.
i am sorry you feel that way. i have never done any of those.
i am working on it. i am trying to make it happen.
i am good. how are you?
i am baking cookies right now. what kind did you hike on?
i don't have any dogs but i do have two dogs
i am a baker, but baking cookies is my passion!
i am in pennsylvania and i love to bake cookies
i like rock climbing too! i bake a lot of cookies.
i am in the south part of the united states.
i love to read and cook
i am well. just got back from hiking. you?
i like rock music and you?
i do too but my favorite is orange.
wow, that is so cool. my favorite color is orange
that sounds like a fun hobby.
i am 18 and have been on the internet for 2 months.
i have been with my boyfriend for two months now. how old are you?
that is cool! i love hiking too!
yes i do. do you have any hobbies?
oh. i have never been there.
that is nice. i have a buddhist neighbor. do you live alone?
i am not sure. i am in the state of alaska, where are you?
that is great. i hope you don't regret that.
that is great! i am a buddhist, i love marriage.
i am glad you think so. what do you do for fun
hello, i am just listening to music. i like rock.
i have three. do you have any hobbies?
no... just three horses. i have a farm, though.
my father is a farmer, i help him in his fields.
raw food does not sound healthy. what is your favorite food?
my father is a farmer and he likes to listen to rock music
yes i am a farmhand, what about you?
i am still in high school.
hello, my wife and i love to have a dog.
my wife and i love to paint
i understand. i have been working at my job for a while.
that sucks. my wife is working her way up the corporate ladder,
i am sorry. do you sell vegetables at your farm?
do you like your job? my job is not enjoyable
wow, i would have to get a lot of money for my kids to get good at that
my wife is allergic so i have not tried any.
i have never been there.
i am a teacher, i teach elementary school.
i love to go to the beach and play board games
up, my parents taught me how to cook
i love hummus. i am going to have to try that sometime.
oh, i see. i like to play board games when i get a chance.
i love to go for a vacation to the beach, do you?
i am a volunteer at the local bunnies rescue
i am a charity employee, so i donate a lot of money to them.
oh no, you should go volunteer with the local animal shelter
i am a navy seal!
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you are very tired
oh ok. i volunteer at the local bunny rescue.
yes, i would. i would be a nurse.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a shipwright, so i am used to these things.
hi how are you doing
i don't have many friends. i spend most of my free time coaching little league baseball.
that is funny. i don't have to wear one because i am a baseball coach.
i am so sorry to hear that!
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
i am a little afraid to try it
it really is. but, we have to try to make it safe.
i love you too, and i will enjoy my wine.
i am a student, i just graduated high school in september.
no. no kids. just hobbies.
no i am not but i have been thinking about trying
i am graduating high school in two years. i am broke too.
that is funny. i don't work yet.
i have no clue. i have no idea what i am gonna do with my life after high school
i am a vegan so i don't eat meat.
i am also vegan. i am just trying to decide what to cook for dinner tonight
hi. i am doing ok. how are you?
oh, cool! i have been working on a project for school.
i do. i am a professional.
you could try a clay bar.
i like to play board games
i am a big fan of his. i am a skateboarder so i like all types of music
oh. that is cool. i am more of a skateboarder than a vampire
hey bob i am mia
that is cool! my mom passed away when i was young, so i have been on fb a lot
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you are able to find another job.
i am sorry. i am still here. i work in insurance.
i love my job, i am an insurance salesman, what do you do?
i don't really have the money for it, so i have to rely on my dads military pay.
that is a good idea. i have to get up early for work tomorrow.
oh, i work in insurance. i am sorry to hear about your dad.
hi there i am 20 years old
i am in a band so we have to walk a lot.
oh no. where do you live now?
oh, that is nice, what do you do in your spare time?
no i am not, i am american.
no, i am the only child.
i don't have siblings, i was born in somalia and i was born to marry
i am sorry. i was once held hostage when i was a slave for ten years
i am great. i have been thinking about how to re live my buddhism.
congratulations! my sister is the queen of england. she is a great addition to the family.
i am trying to meditate but i am a little lost.
i hope so. what do you do for fun?
i will try to. tell me a little about yourself!
do you meditate a lot?
yes i am i am a buddhist and i am trying to become a spiritual leader
yeah. i hope it works out for us both. what do you do for fun?
yes i agree. i am a huge fan of the olympa
i like to run. i am a gymnast.
i know, i just want to finish it off. i am so sick of it
i don't know how to play. do you watch it?
nice! do you have any other hobbies besides gymnastics?
thanks. do you have any hobbies?
that is a lot. how long have you been doing it for?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. do you have a favorite color?
not at all, i am here with my dog and cat.
good, i just got back from a party
i have two pups, they are mean.
i am so glad i have my kitties to help distract me from my fear of heights.
i agree! i am a big party animal and love to relax
chess is fun to play! i love my cat and dog too!
my dogs and i love to go to the food bank to get things fresher.
i bet! i just finished my classes. i dance to feel better.
oh wow! i have to go dance on the weekend at the bookstore.
i have one dog and one cat
i love the movie 16 candles
oh, i don't care about girls. i am a girl and i like to dance.
no not really, i just don't like to show off. do you?
i am not a fan of colors.
hello. i am doing well, thanks. how about you?
that is awesome. i don't have any pets.
sometimes. i like to donate to them
i like to listen to her while i tan. i love her so much.
yes, but i am a bit of a health nut.
i like britney spears, i like spending money
yes i have to keep up the maintenance
chips, i love them!
i like crime shows too. i like to watch the flash
no. it was something that was kept a secret until recently.
yes, i am a student. i love to cook, and i do volunteer with soup kitchen.
it is a type of fish dish. its very delicious!
i love shrimp! i am an art major. i study fish and chip recipes.
we had some interesting results. i am a history major and i am fascinated with columbus.
i am pretty sociable. i visit europe often and love to eat paella
hi i am doing well and you?
i work on my farm and saw a cow on the road
i am an electrician, what do you do?
that would be so rewarding. i have always wanted to be a veterinarian.
i live in kansas. how about you?
a small one. i have to drive an hour to work every morning to get to my job.
i have a dog, he is called bob
i have a golden retriever, i have to listen to country music when i go for a walk
hello, i am baking cookies! i love them so much!
i have a dog, do you have any pets
i have a dog. do you have a favorite kind of food?
do you like dogs? i have one
i enjoy baking cookies.
hiking sounds fun. i like to knit.
i don't bike. too scary.
i don't eat pizza. i like to grill outside
i would love to come. i am retired and would enjoy a grilling.
i don't think so, but i don't have one.
that is a good idea, do you have a tv
i am from cali.... i don't really like it much tho
i like the sound of that!
i am not sure i want to learn to do that. i would rather win.
sounds great! do you have a favorite food?
i am great. how about yourself?
it is a dance move.
i love to play board games. what do you do for a living?
i am not sure. maybe a while.
me too! i love board games, what is your favorite?
i am from new york, but i teach in new jersey. what do you teach?
i am from boston ma
good, i just finished the treadmilling exercise i do every day
oh ok. you are a catholic?
i go to the gym everyday.
i do it to feel better. i am bored of eating
i am majoring in fitness
i love europe, i have been to many different european countries
yes, for years. i just recently got it cut.
great! i am just here relaxing eating some paella. you?
i am taking art classes in college.
i do both, i also love to cook paella
i love to cook paella.
i go to europe twice a year. i am in the process of learning how to cook paella.
just by looking at some of the paintings in museums
i am pretty sure you are not. are you married?
oh nice! do you do it to burn off the calories from the pizza?
hello i am not lonely
i have not heard of them.
that is cool i like taylor swift
i am getting married in the spring.
that is too bad. what are you going to do in the cloud?
i am 24, i still have some years left.
you should not, i am getting married in spring
lol... well i am getting married in spring so that is exciting!!
i am good, how are you doing?
wow, four hours, that is dedication right there.
oh. i like to watch horror movies
my sons favorite food is pizza, we don't have that here.
i am not a big fan of bread, especially bread with tomatoes
i try to eat healthy, but my family eats way too much.
oh. i don't have kids. i stay at home with my kid
i am just playing with my friends
i am in the 3rd grade.
that is a good age. i am in grade three. do you play any sports?
do you have any hobbies?
i like playing with my friends. i am in the 3rd grade. what is your favorite game?
i am in 3rd grade and i like those games
no i don't like monopoly. i prefer playing go carts with friends.
i don't know i don't live here
i know, it makes me feel old
i am sure they are, but i don't think they are right. i am a professional construction worker.
no, no children for me. i work construction. you?
oh i see. i like to watch nascar.
i am not sure what you are talking about. i am from the us
you are a very talented singer. i am impressed.
yeah i watch nascar and ufc
wow! that is amazing. do you have any hobbies?
i am afraid of clowns. what do you like to eat?
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you like to travel?
my dad tried to set me up on dates but i have a hard time with them
my father is the same way. he wants me to be a chef.
yeah that is a good age. i work with my hands.
i have not been to seattle. i would love too.
i would love to but he keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
i am in my 20s, and he is 45.
sure! i can do that for you. i can cook.
yeah, i think we will have to see.
i think i am going to go get lunch now. i am hungry.
what do they do?
i work at a restaurant as a waitressing, but i am looking for work
that is awesome, i am looking for work right now
nice! i love food, especially french food! what is your favourite dish?
i am trying but i am not sure if i can get a dental job
i am doing good. i am jane by the way. how old are you?
i am good how are you?
i don't have many friends, i don't like school
i don't really have a genre, i am a pretty simple girl.
cool, do you like school?
thank you. i like that
i know, but my mommy says i should be happy because i am a kid!
i don't have many friends, i don't like most people.
i am good how are you?
that is pretty cool. do you have any pets?
do you have any pets?
i have never seen it. what is it about?
i do too!!!!
i don't have the artistic ability for that.
the original trilogy are my favorites. i also really like the new hope.
that is cool. i have a pet cat and dog
ok, i will send you a picture of me in a bathing suit.
sorry to hear that. i am not married. i am a single mother.
i have never heard of that band.
my favorite color is green. do you have any hobbies?
congrats, do you have any hobbies?
i am more into the light blue color.
the sunsets here are very nice too. i like spending money on my hobbies.
i love to bake. i bake a lot of pies.
i do enjoy that! i also love cooking, but i love fish more.
i love coffee, i am a coffee fanatic. do you have any hobbies?
i am. i like all sorts of comic books.
i like comics, but i love to read too!
he is so cool. i love the way he looks. he reminds me of a fish
yes it does, you should do it. it is fun.
it is quiet but you can always cook
i am good. what about you?
cool i am a stunt double for movies
i like to eat too. i only eat organic.
oh that is awesome! i am only in it for the money.
cool. i read a lot of books
i don't work out but i eat a lot.
that is cool, i am a stunt double for movies and books
i live in texas. do you have any kids?
i work in banking, what about you?
what branch? i work in banking.
that sounds wonderful. congratulations! i am expecting twins soon myself!
oh that is so sweet! congrats!
yes, a big weeding. i have already got a couple of kids.
i am expecting twins in a few months. that is crazy
what are you planting?
i am good. just got off work. you?
for a vacation i have been at the same company for 15 years
what is your favorite sports? i love american football
that is not good. you should try again later.
i am single too, but i have a family. do you have any hobbies?
i love dogs, they are like my children but they are needy too.
oh no, my husband is in the military, he is in the marines.
i understand. do you have any pets?
i am a stay at home mom and work as an insurance salesman.
i am a waitress. i am a mom of two. how about you?
no i don't cook i do sell insurance
that sounds like fun! i work for a insurance company.
i would watch it
yes. i am in the insurance business.
i love italian. i just started working in insurance business.
i like thai also. my mother used to make those dishes all the time.
hi, that is interesting. i volunteer with the navy.
i volunteer at a local bunny rescue.
that sounds fun. i am a shipwright on the side.
oh that is so sweet. do you like the beach?
i am so sorry. what did you guys do together?
that is great, i am sure that is great for both of you.
that sounds really pretty!
i like blue, but navy is my fave!
i work in the insurance business, so i don't socialize much.
i have a job in insurance, i don't get to travel much though
i am a girl so i am a little intimidated
he does, but he is not always home
i have been playing softball all day. i am a bit of a loner.
i just started working in insurance. i work in the insurance field.
well, i have to make money somehow
that is a long time. i have a daughter that is a child prodigy.
oh, that sounds awful! i am glad to have your help!
i have never heard of that. i will look into it.
well, i am glad you don't have to worry about that.
that is a wonderful insurance company.
i love music! i am hard of hearing too.
oh, milk cartons. i see those at the park all the time.
hi, i am good. listening to music.
oh that sounds fun. i am just listening to music.
i am sorry to hear that.
i have a farm so i visit often.
that is okay, i am a farmer.
i am a farmer so i have traveled a lot.
he is my favorite. i listen to him on horses when i help out on the fields.
i listen to a lot of rock music. what do you do for a living?
i have two. barnaby and my german shepherd, borky.
i understand that. my family is not too fond of spiders either.
my job is to make the postal service happy.
my job is at the postal service
soccer is fun. i love grey. it is my favorite color
my german shepherd will love that. he is a big goof.
that is cool. i don't like people knowing my age.
oh, i love ice cream! i am a postal worker.
i have a four year old daughter. i love chocolate.
i am only 4 so i am not very good at sports.
i am four years old. you sound young!
i don't drink, but i want to be a dog when i grow up
i love chocolate and candy and i want to be a dog. i want to eat it all
i don't play baseball. but i like to play soccer. do you have a car?
oh, that is great. do you like music?
oh, i like chocolate with my coffee.
hello! i am eating hummus and watching cooking shows. how about you?
i just moved here from germany, so i am not sure if i like ice cream.
that is amazing. i just moved here from germany.
yes, i know that. i love it! do you?
oh nice. i just moved here from germany. i love sky diving and roller coasters.
that is nice, i just moved here from germany.
i have never been a fan.
do you like the sky diving? i do.
i do, but don't know enough to go toe to toe with him.
no, i did not go to college. do you like it?
i did not go to college but i did get my ged
oh, i don't know much about the sin thing.
what do you mean?
i will try it out. what are your hobbies?
what do you mean by Mozart?
i live on the coast of canada, near ontario.
no, i am 19, and my parents want me to move out soon.
that is cool, do you have any pets? i just want to have fun with friends
my parents live with me, so i don't want them getting too wild
oh really? my dad takes me to burger king, he is a great electrician.
i just started my job at burger king, i don't drink or do drugs
i am 19, and i am still living with my parents.
that sounds cool i am 19
i don't. i am 19. i just want to party.
yes. i am a 12 year old girl
i am a 12 year old girl. i don't have many friends.
i have a mom too. she died when i was a kid
wow, that is a lot. i don't have a lot of friends.
i like pizza and i like to play pogo
no, but i don't have many friends, so it does not bother me.
i am still a kid
you too. bye!
sure. do you have a star wars tattoo? i do.
i don't know bob, i do like star wars
meditation is a good way to be
i try to be. do you?
what do you mean by that?
yes it is. do you have any hobbies?
what happened to you? i am so sorry
i am not sure if you are being serious or not.
i am doing good and how are you doing?
i am scared of them. my dad was a car mechanic and i have a fear of anything with a hood.
that is cool i am employed at the us postal service
cool. i like the grey side of things
me either. i am going to be a postal worker
i see. i have a german shepherd named barnaby
i have never had taco bell. i would rather be outside.
that is cool. do you like cars? my father drove one.
good, just finished a big order at the bank
i work at a bank, and my wife is a stay at home mom.
i am an omnivore and i work at the bank, but i do enjoy my weekends
oh, you are not a dancer?
yes. i am a banker and i am expecting a lot of twins this year.
sometimes i do, but i do have a family of my own.
i don't but i am an omnivore so i don't have time
hi i am doing good how are you
watching a soccer game. i am a girl
she does not care, i am a boy
i am a surgeon.
i am serious. what is that like?
it is but i am still young so i have time to explore
yes, and a lot of practice. do you have any other hobbies?
no i have not i am a boy with a heart outside
hello, i am doing very well. how are you?
what do you do for fun?
i have a dance class tomorrow, i hope it is better than the one i had in california.
i am in high school, i was forced to marry when i was 16
oh that is cool! i was born in somalia and was married to a guy there
yes i do, but they are all in the states
oh wow! what did you do in your younger days?
oh. do you have kids?
hi! i do like rabbits, i have two of them. i also have two dogs.
i am a teacher at the elementary school.
that is so nice of you
that is great, i love helping others
that is cool i am a teacher at the school i teach at
it sure is! what do you do for work?
no, but i am a veteran and have been to every country in europe
that sounds very interesting, i am a teacher at a school.
good, just planning on getting a divorce
that is rough, my wifes job sucks
that is too bad, i am sure your kids will love it.
thanks. i will. what are your hobbies?
that is awesome. i sell cars, what do you do?
a relationship that is not superficial and does not involve me cheating on her.
oh i understand. what do you do for a living?
yeah, she worked for a dealership. i was a salesman. you?
hi. i am an electricalian. what do you do?
that is good, i am an engineer, what do you do?
that sounds like it could be fun.
oh cool. i am not a fan of art, but that sounds nice.
i love germany! i am an engineer for a big company.
that is awesome. i have a big farm.
i would love too! i will bring my truck too.
oh, ok, do you like country music? i am an electrician
i am doing great. i am just relaxing with my dogs. you?
what do you like to do for fun?
nice, i am enjoying playing chess
i work at a doctors office. how about you?
i like her but not as much. i do like dogs.
that is cool, i like to go there to get a soda. i have two dogs, do you have pets?
oh that is not good, i have two dogs and they are good dogs
that sounds fun. i have a couple dogs so i don't get out much.
hi! i am good, how are you?
no, its just mean. i am deathly afraid of heights.
rolling stones is awesome! i like to see them when i can.
that sounds fun. do you enjoy the food in the food bank?
that sounds like fun. i am deathly afraid of heights
no, i don't. i am more of an indoor person.
i like to help the homeless and the disadvantaged
i do when i am off work.
i am good. just got back from a piano class. you?
i am great. i am an elementary school teacher.
i play the piano and violin.
oh that is nice. i am a music teacher at a school.
i play several instruments and am a pianist.
i like all kinds of artists. i like classical.
nice. what do you do for fun?
that sounds fun! what do you study?
i am ok. just got home from school.
that is amazing! i am only 13.
i do too, i am in high school and i am on the soccer team
i will try, do you like math? i am only 13.
thanks i will try to. what do you like to do for fun?
i am 13 and i am still in math class
that is cool. do you have any siblings? i have a brother.
i love reading. i am going to be a teacher after school.
hello! i am just enjoying some mountain biking.
that is good, i am listening to rock.
that is a good one, i like the one by kane brown
i don't have a favorite. i like all pizza.
i love to drive but i am really bad at it
nice. i have a honda civic as well.
what kind of music? i enjoy mountain biking.
nice, i love cats. i have a dog, his name is charlie.
hi, i am a graduate student. what do you play?
oh, cool. my parents taught me some survival skills.
i am more of a reading person.
i don't work. i am studying for a psychology exam
i like rock. what about you?
do you have any hobbies?
i am from cali. what is your favorite thing to eat
well, i have a degree in violin so i am sure i can help.
i go to the thrift store on weekends, i love finding vintage stuff.
i am a teacher and i teach piano. it is a passion of mine.
that is not good. i am glad to hear you are trying to be better.
i bet you do. i am glad you are not severely depressed
no i have not, i am a pianist, what do you do?
i love it. i teach piano and am always looking for new places to play.
i am going to run later. i am so hungry.
i love all flavors! what do you like to eat?
lol i bet they do
wow! i hope to be a physical therapist one day.
that is so nice, i want to be a doctor like my dad
that is cool! my high school team beat them too!
i like to run. i am a great athlete. you?
wow. that is cool. i have not run a marathon in years.
i am playing with my band. i play the violin.
i don't gamble but i do play with my guitar.
that is nice i like to play with my violin
that is nice. i love to play the violin
that is fun! do you play any sports?
you are a very good person.
nice. i am just practicing my guitar.
i will. i have a violin lesson today
hi! no, i am not. i live in a rural area, and i love to watch the nhl
no, he is a poodle maltese mix
that is a good goal. what else do you enjoy?
i live in a rural area, no roller coasters.
i like to watch it, but i don't play much. i live a simple life.
yes. i have a television and a swimming pool.
no, my husband is not adopted. he is a farm hand.
yes, very. do you live in a rural area?
i am well, how are you doing?
nice! my sister loves to skateboard.
i can not drive my truck but i can drive a tractor.
wow, you have a very interesting life!
yeah, it is a fun hobby.
that is a good comparison.
no, they are too fast and unpredictable.
no, but my sister is a pole dancer there. do you like to dance?
it was good! how was yours?
i am a boy but i was born a girl
yeah. it is a heart transplant. i am stillborn but i am a boy.
i know. but it is worth it to see the world through another persons eyes.
i don't know how to sing. i am a boy
i don't. i have to take medicine to live, and i don't like sugar
chocolate is good but i am not a big fan of it.
i live in the midwest. where are you from?
i am doing good. how are you?
dancing is fun... i am a bit terrified of clowns
that is awesome. i work at a gas station, but i would like to work with animals.
that is true. maybe he can be my next jameson.
what else do you like to do?
that is great to hear! i hope you have a great night
i like orange.. i am a clown
i like to work with my hands, so that is a plus.
i am from california. how about yourself?
i am employed, but i don't have a job right now.
i do! especially with my favorite foods, fried chicken!
i am not a gambler, but i love playing video games.
i like to play video games. do you like music?
i am thinking about keeping it on for now.
i know right? i wish i was old and fat. i am skinny and energetic.
i do. and play video games. what else do you do?
just finished working on a project, i work as a mechanical engineer.
that is exciting! where do you guys plan to go?
i work as a mechanical engineer. how about you?
i go hiking in the spring. i live in colorado.
do you ever take pictures of your travels?
it is very beautiful. i love the colorado mountains.
i speak english and spanish. i also speak russian.
i love the colorado mountains, i hike in the spring.
i am an engineer, what do you do?
its going great. i am graduating high school soon and i am excited.
that is great, i hope my kids enjoy it
i love kale and am vegan
thanks. i will keep trying
i will probably get the plain kind.
i love my purple and lime green room
oh, that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i am a grad student so i have a lot of free time
i like this. i like this a lot
do you have any hobbies?
hey me too, what is your name?
i do! i go to the gym and work out daily.
i have never had an orange car.
i don't, i spend most of my time at the gym.
no, not at all. what kind of car is it?
i have never seen that before
i see. you have not lived a day in your life? i have never had a relationship.
i am well. just finished my morning workout. how are you?
nice! i just graduated from yale with a business degree.
i am a bank teller. i graduated in 2011 with a finance degree.
no, no pets. i am not a big pet person. i am a cat person.
yes, i do like it. my parents are very wealthy.
i am sure that is the case with most people.
i will! i just need to save up some money.
that is awesome! i love music!
i am great! how are you doing?
oh that sounds hard. i am pregnant.
i am a pa so i don't have to deal with that. do you?
i have a husband, he lives in pennsylvania.
a police officer. its a fancy way of saying police officer
wow! i am a bookworm. i read a lot.
wow that is terrible, i am sorry to hear that
i have been pregnant since i was 20, so it is rough.
i am taking care of my two grown children. you?
that sounds fun. i fantasize about taking over the world.
i am a painter and i love painting. i would love to work for a restaurant.
i am sure you have a wonderful career in it.
i have two grown kids that i never see
awesome. i hope i can get tickets.
that is a great singer. i love the color purple.
but i am still pretty, i used to be a painter.
good! how are you?
no i don't, i am a skateboarder, you?
i am going to skateboard.
i am used to it now
what do you do?
what kind of job do you have?
that is great. i am a hat wearing, skateboarder wearing, bean bag wearing, bean pole wielding, bean bag wearing, man!
i also have a broken arm, it is a pain
i am doing very well thank you. how are you doing?
that is cool! i am a spooky cat lady
i have never left the state.
i am a foodie and i love to cook. do you like to travel?
i like pizza. i am a pizza lover.
it is really good! i really like olives on my pizza
i am doing well, i am just watching tv.
i love the beach. i am in ohio, so i go often.
hi, yes i would love that
i am a little too much of a foodie for it but i love pizza
i do too. i like olives too.
what do you do for a living
ohio here. i am from alabama.
no i have not. i should. do you have any suggestions?
it is unhealthy. i like to eat.
i love them! what do you do for a living?
sure i would love to. i have a purple horse.
i like purple. i am a purple lady.
cool. i have curly brown hair, so maybe i can paint my room purple.
yeah i guess. i have a lot of studying to do.
i will do that. thanks! what do you do for fun?
i am sure it is, i have been to europe a few times.
my room is purple and lime green. you?
not really. i have curly hair so i travel with mine.
sure, what do you do for a living?
i have a few more years before i am old enough to do anything cool like that.
it was created in the mid nineties
i was a huge fan of hip hop back in the day.
i am not sure. i don't remember.
congratulations! what are you going to school for?
i love vegan food. i take dance lessons once a week, i love it!
what do you do for work?
hi! no this is patrick
well she was gone for a while.
oh no, i hope you are not jail for stealing.
oh okay. do you like music? i love the who.
i am just a regular joe. i work at the local supermarket. you?
i have not seen any in stores yet, but they are on the menu.
i do but i work at a store locally
do you have any hobbies?
i just got home from work. the postal service scares me, but i love them.
my dad drove a truck for a few years.
i am a big fan of grey skies
mine too! i love grey.
postal service. i am terrified of them, even as a pet
small towns can be scary, my father drove a truck for the postal service.
oh wow, congrats! what are you going to school for?
i would love to see it someday. i love grey.
hi there, i am a farmer and a shepherd, what do you do?
no, i have a farm with animals.
no he was a good man.
my husband is adopted. we are from a rural area in georgia.
i have heard of him, i am not familiar with contractions
no. i don't have a lot of time for movies.
anything with a german shepherd. i like them.
no, i am not a fan of star wars. my husband does not like them either.
hi. i am doing good and you?
i like to go to national parks with my dogs, i sing country
wow! i am a country singer and have been working on a backflip for a while.
i sing country music and i work in a bookstore.
i love country music, especially rita hayworth.
mostly country songs, but i sing pop songs sometimes too
orange what color is your hair?
no its from my favorite band, rascal flatts. what is your favorite song?
hello. sure. what do you do for a living?
i can sing country music. i grew up with that genre.
country. i grew up in the industry, country music.
it sure will. i have a guitar that will do the job
i agree. what is your favorite food?
that is interesting! i am not a big fan of time limits, but i guess that is how it goes.
sometimes, i play it at the park
i am not sure what you are talking about
i am sorry, i work a full time job as a shipwright.
i am ex military so internet is essential to me. i have a job in a ship yard
you should go out and meet people. i volunteer at the local animal shelter.
there are eight of us
some of them are put down. i am not sure what the cause of their death is.
i volunteer at the bunny rescue, i love them!
that is nice, i have a cat, she is very friendly.
my favorite is the navy seal. you?
hello, i don't know any other language.
good.. just finished working at the burger king
i work there too, but i don't do drugs or do any other drug
that is interesting. do you have any other hobbies?
nope, but i do speak it fluently
haha, i just want to have fun and get some cool friends.
i like all kinds. what about you?
do you have a favorite band?
hey jefferson, my name is jim. what do you do for a living?
i don't like roses. i am more of a cat person.
no, but i did get some turtles.
oh that is no good.
i don't have a lot but i have turtles. do you have pets?
i like them, but i don't pick them up.
it is. i have to go take my toys out. do you have pets?
that makes more sense haha
i am good thanks for asking
a poodle. i love him to pieces
i love bees they are the bees knees
about 5 years now. i have a new job now.
i have been in the hospital for a long time, i need a new career.
i do like them. i am looking for a new job
i am sorry you are lonely. i hope you find someone.
i am. what do you do for a living?
hey! hows it going tonight?
oh nice. what do you do for fun?
oh, i am sorry! i have a farm, my parents don't have a farm.
that is cool. i am an engineer.
i live in a farm, but i also work on the road.
my parents are farmers so i grew up on her songs
i love to travel. my parents are farmers so i visit often.
ll, i bet he loves cows. i have a cow, too.
hi. i am doing well. how are you?
i am not sure. i like all colors. i sing songs from movies too.
i like red too. what is your favorite food?
i like to sing songs from the movie frozen, it is my favorite!
i am not a christian, but i go every year to disney
i like songs from the movie frozen
i like tangled. my favorite character is the mouse. do you like movies?
me too. i love to sing songs from movies, so it will have to be good too.
i sell cars. i am a salesman.
i work as a car salesman
i don't mind it. i sell cars for a living.
good to hear, are you married?
that is great. what kind of job do you do?
because i am rich. and she does not share my thoughts on marriage.
that is not bad. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing well. i am a retired gym teacher.
that is cool. i am retired so i don't have to buy new cars.
oh, i don't like country, i like rock.
pizza is my favorite food, but my kids don't like it much.
i volunteer at a soup kitchen
i am well, how is yours?
oh nice. i love documentaries. i watch a few a week.
no, i am not ariel. i am a woman named jane.
hi, i am sam and i don't like the olympa
i am only 19 myself, and i am looking forward to retirement.
i have to buy my own food.
that is cool i am in an open relationship so i don't get much time to walk my dog.
do you have any pets?
i agree. i don't have much free time. i am also a door to door salesman.
what do you do for fun?
do you like to walk your dogs? i have 3 of them, they are great company.
i am great. just got back from a long farm shift
i have to get up early for work. i am an electrician. what do you do?
i bet he is cute. i am an electrical engineer, i love country music!
that is interesting. do you have any hobbies?
i have a horse. he is a mutt, and he is so fluffy.
oh, i love country music. what is your major in college?
i don't really have a favorite. i love everything
i love beef stroganoff. how about you?
i am good. just got back from walking my dogs. you?
i listen to it while i drive my civic.
it is a cat, i named him charlie after my favorite rapper.
where do you like to travel to?
that is cool. what do you like to eat?
i am not sure what i want to do yet. i want to make music for people
ham and pineapple, my favorite food!
all kinds! what kind do you like?
no, its cool. i am studying to be a computer programmer.
oh that is so sweet! i am studying to be a programmer
computer programming, but i want to get my masters
sure i do want to know. what do you do for fun
i don't like music, i like to party
i am sure. do you have any hobbies?
i am a programmer. i am studying to become one myself.
no they did not. they were not traditional at all.
i am good, just got home from the animal shelter. you?
i speak spanish. what is your favorite fruit?
that is a cool word. i speak spanish.
i was in cali. my step kids are in first grade now.
i am a native of mexico. i just moved to the us.
i don't speak any other language.
true, i am excited about that
i moved here from france, i don't speak any other language.
i am a professional football fan and a writer for a local newspaper.
i like to cook too, i am a huge fan of star wars!
i like poetry. what kind do you like?
fish is good. i love star wars, but i also enjoy poetry and poetry is a good medium
linebacker, but i was a defensive end.
do you like poetry? i am into it.
i enjoy playing the guitar and video games
i like star wars.
i am a chef, i cook fish, and i like to fish.
haha i would love to have a job that i could cook for people.
i like to cook, but i am not very good at it. i like to fish.
cool! my favorite thing to cook is fish and pizza
i am a cook but i like to fish.
i have one cat. do you have any pets?
i love him! what is your favorite thing to cook?
i like to read. and fish. and watch superheroes.
great. just got back from my shift at burger king. i am 19, and i cannot wait to move out!
i work at a burger king.
my part time job at burger king has me on my back.
yes. i just turned 19. i am ready to move out!
i don't know, i just want to be happy. i want to move out my parents home.
oh, i am 19 so i don't want to be a trouble maker.
i am nineteen my parents are still living with them
i wish it were legal here
sure! what is your favorite food?
i am getting married in the spring. i am 24.
what do you do for fun?
i see. what are your projects?
mine is pink, i love pink.
i went to a concert with my friends. what about you?
that is what my wedding is gonna be like. i am a kindergarten teacher.
you too, have a nice night.
i hate the holidays, what about you?
congratulations! do you like it?
i am so glad you got out of europe.
what is your favorite thing to do for fun?
it is still in remission. it is just hard for me to have kids now
its alright, i have grand children who are the reason i still have them.
that is nice. i have a wife and a few kids. i enjoy sewing.
i will try to. i have great grandkids.
hey, my name is jeremy. i have lived in the city my whole life
i am not sure really. i am on many medications and i am seeing a dr.
i am 45 years old and you are?
you will not regret it! my son is a hard working man.
i have been a alcoholic for a long time. i am retired now.
just 1. but i have seen some things that make me see differently
i am, thanks. i am 45 now and am looking forward to retirement.
you too. take care!
i am doing great and you
hello jessi. i am jimmy.
the oldies like the group the mutineers. the newies like the beastie boys.
no i am single, no kids, and spend my money on cars.
that sounds nice. i don't have kids either.
cool, i love cars too. i spend most of my money on them.
that is crazy! i live with my wife and kids.
i am good, how are you?
no, but i do play tennis, which i love to do.
that sounds like a lot of fun!
i have never been. i will bring them if i can.
thanks, i appreciate that. do you have any hobbies?
you will one day. do you have kids?
yeah, its been hard for my family to support
i am not sure if my husband would like that
i am from california.
my wife and kids love mint chip ice cream.
that is great. i am a plumber, i work in an old abandoned mineshaft.
oh that is great. i am sorry to hear that.
i am sure you are not.
i have to take a drug every day to keep my mind off my three children.
i live with my wife and kids.
i am a plumber and i still go to parties
i am good. how are you doing?
i will probably make a caramel apple pie.
i am not a big ice cream person
i am a coach at the gym now.
i work in cancer research
yes. i am the only survivor of cancer.
wow, that is a lot of kids.
that is a cool job, i work in the automotive industry.
oh wow, i have never heard that before
i like to listen to country music, you?
i am a country girl myself. i met taylor swift at her concert.
i am from texas, how about you?
i love country music. do you like any other genres?
cool i love nissan and drive my nissan pathfinder
i have a nissan that i drive, its a country car
good! i am 4 and am excited to eat chocolate candy!
i like cats, i am four. do you have any pets?
no, i am only 4.
i don't have pets. i am 4 and a half.
i love chocolate, especially candy. do you have any pets?
i have a cat too. her name is sparky.
i am four and i like to play with blocks. i like cats too!
hi! i am great, how are you?
it is very hard. i have to wear a lot of leather and it is hard to skateboard
hockey falls are awesome. my friend ryan wears a hat and i always wear it.
yes i wear many hats and i don't own any pets
i have a german shepard as well. he is very loyal
i have not. i am not sure if i should read one.
i have never been able to play cards against humanity, is that a tabletop game?
i don't like them at all.
i love animals i have been to spain 3 times and have been to ireland
i have never been to spain. i have been to argentina.
i have never been to spain but i have heard its pretty.
that is awesome, i have only seen a few of those.
no i have not but that would be cool
i don't drink, i like to travel though
yes. i dyed it black recently.
i am well, thank you! and yourself?
i am pretty strong and i am going to be immortal
i am not very big but i can lift a truck.
i am not strong like you are. i will live forever. you will too.
yes i was. do you remember?
i am very strong for my age and i can do a lot.
wow, i bet you must be very strong
not really. i am pretty strong, i could take anyone down.
hi i am great and yourself?
i am sorry to hear that
i don't date. i am pretty introverted.
i love pizza, but i don't eat much of it since i work from home.
i want to build a truck. what do you like to spend your money on?
that is cool. i have not been able to work since i moved out of home.
i am going to watch a lot of cars today. i love spending my money on them.
i have never tried those, i will give them a try.
hello! yes i like hats, what about you?
i love winter. i am a plumber, what about you?
no pets but my kids and i would love one
that is not a good combo. cats chase dogs.
i love furry things. my wife is the only one who does not.
oh okay, what sport do you play?
chocolate chip! it is my favorite, by far.
i understand. i have 3 kids and am ready to meet them.
i am a high school student who is 13. math is hard for me.
bubble bath? i am not sure what that is.
i hope i can make a successful career out of this.
that is a good thing!
fish are good but i am not really a fan of math. i am only 13
there are four different breeds of cats.
mine is a red tail. i like cats.
no they should not unless they are a profit organization.
i am doing well, how about yourself?
i am not old, just a bit slow, i am a curator at the local museum
i am sorry, i am sure that is not good.
that is nice i am in a museum
oh that is nice. i am from a small town.
they are pretty. what do you like to do for fun
nice i have read those
i love david copperfield and stephen king
hi i am great! how are you?
hi my name is lucy
i am a stunt double for movies, i love doing that.
i never had to eat meat in my life!
oh, i am a big fan of horror.
i never even had a serious relationship. i was always single.
i do like facebook. i am a stunt double.
you don't have time to read when you stunt double.
i am from new york. what about you?
that sounds like fun, i am in an open relationship, no kids
sounds like you are busy. what do you do for a living?
oh ok. i have a dog. i also have 3 kids.
do you have any pets?
i have a couple of dogs and they like to snow board.
i will try. i have been trying for the past few years.
yes! it is very scary. i am also in a polyamorous relationship so i don't see them too often.
i am a cancer survivor and i work as a life coach. what about you?
what kind of services do you need?
i am glad that you think so.
that is fun. what kind of food do you like?
what shows do you like to watch?
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i am a cancer survivor, so it is good to stay warm.
that is cool. do you like it?
i love food banks, it is a good way to support yourself.
i just got him from the shelter. i am very happy with him!
yes, they are. i have been living here for a few years.
i just moved to the usa, i love the freedom.
yes, they sure do. what do you do for fun?
me too, my step children are a bit of a handful
i have been to a lot of comic cons and comic cons have lots of books.
hi! i am good. just finished my daily workout.
i have a lab too! we are good!
no. i have not been to the beach in awhile
i don't, i prefer to swim. do you?
i love music. what kind do you like?
it is. i am a vegan and i love to eat healthy.
i will try my best to keep it alive
i like to jump off of them and sky dive
good. i am a little chilly though, my favorite food is pizza with olives. you?
i am a high school student too! what year are you?
i work at a supermarket
i love pizza with olives.
i am sure you are great, i have a cat named spooky.
cool! i have a cat named spooky, and she likes pink floyd.
i love the band the who.
that is great! i have not ever been out of ohio, but i would like to go
hi, i just finished baking a delicious cookies
oh i am so sorry. i am sure he misses you too.
no, i don't bake. i am not really a baker. do you like to bake?
i love to bake cookies. do you cook?
i have a dog. we go hiking a lot.
i bake for my dogs
i am going to bake a batch of cookies for dinner.
it is a good day for me too, but i am scared to die.
i am doing good. i am 60 years old, so i am doing well.
i live in california. how old are you?
i am not sure, maybe i will go for it
i am sure you will get lots of walks in the countryside.
lots of history and culture. i visited once and loved it.
i am sure. i have been to spain many times.
i am 60 years old and still living in spain. i miss it a lot
oh wow. that is not good.
i am doing great! i just got back from walking my dog.
i enjoy reading journals and watching videos.
you could learn some tricks. i enjoy taking my dog out on lakes.
i love hummus! my parents taught me to eat healthy.
i love mexican food! what are your hobbies?
i don't eat meat
i am in school right now, but i would like to be a doctor one day.
i am a full time student
hello. my name is jim. i am doing good. i am also in my thirties.
i like pop music. i also enjoy classical music.
i like her too, i like the group the rolling stones
no. i drink a lot of water. i am in my thirties. you?
i love to eat pizza, bubble baths and i love to play chess
bubble baths help me lose weight. i take them daily
i am trying to become a casino manager
yes i am very active and have a lot of health issues.
i am great, thanks. how about yourself?
that is awesome! do you have any pets?
that is a lot of work, but i am glad you have the time to do what you enjoy.
i am a teacher, so i don't get that much time, but i do enjoy it
oh i love it too! what do you like to grow?
that is very cool of you. i am not that fortunate.
that is awesome. i love rabbits. i have one named maddie.
i am good, i am from germany. what do you do?
that is awesome, i am only 100 years old
i am very strong. i can lift a truck
that sounds like fun. i don't know much about skydiving.
yes. do you have a favorite flavor? i love chocolate.
yes. i love to run. do you run at all?
i have never had to use one!
roller coasters can be a little stiff, i have a hard time getting off the coaster.
i am not either. i am watching an olympa.
that is a lot of dogs. i have a lot of dogs too, 3 of my own
i am a door to door salesman.
that is cool i am in a relationship
wow. that must be very fulfilling.
that is so sweet of them. my dog is my best friend.
that is cool. i am a dog walker, but my dogs would rather go to the olympa
i am sorry, what is your favorite food?
no, i am not pregnant. i love cooking but love to fish too.
i love to cook but fish more. i love catching the worms
that is too bad. i hope to have many children some day.
i am a cook, but i love to cook too. i also love reading
yes i am broke but i love my work so much i pay for it
i catch all kinds. i love fishing but hate cooking. you?
i don't dance. but i love to fish!
i am a buddhist and eat mostly grass
you are welcome. i am glad you are happy.
i have not spoken to my family in 3 months
good for you. i have not spoken to my family in three months.
i have been to alaska a few times, its beautiful
i do, but i am busy. i am trying to work on my spirituality.
i have been busy lately. i am thinking of meditation. what do you do?
i have not spoken to people in three months. i have been busy.
it is going good. just browsing the internet
i am more into shopping for organic foods
i spend too much time on the internet.
i am a man. how about you?
i am a feminist.
no problem, i don't have a lot of friends so i am learning this myself.
that is good to hear
i am a feminist.
i am well. just got home from work. you?
what do you do for work
i am thinking blue. what do you like to paint?
i have been addicted to online gaming. i have a lot of time for it.
i don't like it, but i am addicted.
role play, i love role playing games
i am a veterinarian. it is my passion.
a veterinarian, that is my dream job, i hate it!
i am a vegan, and i am an animal activist
i prefer to be outside with my animals.
i don't like baseball. too old to play.
i do have a cat named radar. i adore him.
yes, i have a couple of parrots and three mice.
that is cool i like animals
i understand. animals make me depressed. i spend my holidays at the shelter.
i work with animals, so i would be the one who would coach them.
hello, i am a female, i am doing very well, and you?
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure that your children and grandkids appreciate it
oh that is cool i guess
that is nice. i am retired and live a very grand life.
i am so sorry. i hope you are doing well now.
oh, do you have children or grand kids?
they are! i have a few grandchildren as well
my kids are a handful, i am so glad they are gone!
hi, sure. i am a gymnast, and i compete in the olympa.
yes i do. i try to eat healthy.
i like the rolling stones. i listen to it while i workout.
i am not sure i would want to be around someone who does not know my family!
that is cool i am a gym nut
gymnast, i am a silver medalist
i am also very athletic. i am a gymnast and a medalist at the olympa
i am not a big fan of the olympa food.
i am good how are you
i am in ohio.
i have a job working at a doctors office
i have a sister and a brother.
i don't really keep track i just like to keep up with everything.
a lab named oreo. he is my best friend
i play tennis. my family and i are constantly growing, we are almost finished with our house.
i am doing great, i am married and have two beautiful kids
i like to watch the stones every year. how about you?
i love to listen to the stones when i am working out.
me too. i love the stones concert every year.
i love the stones, do you like to listen to music?
i am not sure, but it will probably be a restaurant.
congratulations. i just bought a house last month.
nice! do you have any kids?
that is awful, but at least you did not have to clean it up
i am great, how are you?
i am lucky to coach my kids in a sport where you can get a lot of height
yeah i love wine too and wine chateau.
i am drinking a glass of wine right now, its my favorite.
i am not a big fan of wine but i do love to eat healthy
i love a nice glass of wine after a good game
thank you. i am glad i could be of service.
oh my gosh, i am so sorry. do you have any hobbies?
hello, i am great, how are you?
that is cool, i am watching the olympa and i love it
wow. my dad was a salesman. door to door salesman was a better career choice.
oh that is okay, i am not either.
me too, but i am more interested in the open relationship part. i have a boyfriend.
i have a lot of dogs, what about you?
i am a sales person. i was a salesman before i got into construction.
i am well. just got done with work. i work at a school.
i have a step child also
that is good to hear. do you have a family?
i just moved to the country. where are you?
originally from the usa. i was born in june and moved here in august.
i love it here too. i am going to take my kids for a walk soon.
i am in school, i have a new job
that is awesome. do you live alone?
hi! i love tea! especially when i am in the sun!
that is a shame. i like to listen to music to calm my nerves.
that is awesome! i love britney spears
i don't eat very healthy foods
that would be awesome. i will read it to my son when he is older.
that is awesome. i would read that if i could.
i am a pretty big reader too.
oh that sounds like fun! i would like to go.
i am good. just working at the custodian part time. you?
i love dogs. my parents are not too supportive of me having one, but dogs!
i am a musician. i want to make music big someday. what do you do?
i live in nyc. i love folk music and am hoping to play in a band someday
my mom is very supportive, but i don't like it
i don't know about la, but in new york there are a lot of big apartments.
that sounds nice. i have a dog too. she is a beagle.
yes, it is, but i want to be rich some day.
i love to eat candy. my cats name is mean girl.
that is a great idea, i love animals. i have two cats and a dog
that is fun too. i love animals. i have a cat and dog.
i don't blame you. do you have any pets?
i have a mean girl.
well, i don't know if that is true, but it makes sense.
i have a dog named kiwi, he is mean.
that is good to keep up with. i have two dogs
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
i work in a shelter, so i have lots of free time.
i am a professional wrestler, so i do a lot of walking.
i work with animals, mostly dogs and cats
i try to stay active but i am a bit of a workaholic.
i volunteer at the shelter.
no, i am single, you?
oh that sucks, are you allergic to anything?
i have a robot i am working on that can be controlled remotely
that would be so nice of you
i love starcraft too! what do you do for a living?
that is great! what do you do for a living?
that is great. i am glad you are okay.
that is cool. i am working on building a robot that will be my body double.
i have to go now. bye.
i am doing well, just playing some call of duty.
its rainy and cold. i am glad its the weekend.
i am a police officer in detroit
for years now. its a passion. i am actually in the band
i love mexican, but i also like to eat on the weekends
that is nice. i am a night owl myself.
oh okay, i play call of duty.
i play call of duty and play video games.
i do, i like watching football
i like to bird watch with my cats
i understand. i have a job as an activist for animals.
i bet he would. i am an activist for animals. i love animals.
sorry to hear that. i am sure she did not approve of me being a vegan
i have all my life. i am not even that old.
i eat a lot of carrots and humus, i don't know what you are talking about.
what else do you do for fun?
i am sorry to hear that, how long have you lived in chicago?
wow. that sounds interesting. i like to watch movies with my cat and dog.
that is awful! i am sorry.
that is so sad. i am so sorry.
oh no!!! that is horrible
well that sounds terrifying
i know but mean girls is my favorite movie
i am afraid of heights.
i am good how are you
i have been reading a lot of science journals lately.
no, but my parents taught me some useful skills, like staying in shape
i am into kayaking. i have a dog and we go every year.
i like to read as well. do you have any hobbies?
what kind of dog do you have?
i have one dog, he is a service dog.
i am great! i met taylor swift, who is my favourite singer!
i work at a grocery store. do you like music?
just listening to music, you?
i work in a store that sells housewares.
no, not at the moment. do you?
that is great! what are their names?
i have a cat named radar
yes they do, do you have pets?
well, i am an engineer. what about you?
i am sad too, i just want to be with my daughter.
yes you should, it is a horrible place.
i am not religious, i am an engineer. i am a studio owner.
i bet you will. do you have kids?
i hope so too. i have to go soon to work.
i bet you miss them. do you have any children?
i am good! just got back from the park. i love the park.
oh i am so sorry to hear that. do you like the park?
yes, i have a daughter. she is a child prodigy.
they are 12 and 15
it is. but i enjoy it. i am a doctor and love to watch my patient.
i love comedies and romantic ones
i am a pediatrician, so i like to watch horror movies.
i am well how are you?
i don't blame her! i am strong but not immortal.
i bet i will be. do you like to dance?
because i have a lot of strength and i am very tall.
i don't know, she does not talk much
it is. but it makes me feel alive, which is nice.
i am sure it is not that bad
why do you say that?
hello, i am good. just graduated with my business degree. how are you?
cool! i am graduating in the spring and hope to go to business school.
i am looking to start my own company.
my name is mike. what is yours?
nice, i have a brother from new jersey
i am a student at yale. i just graduated.
i am a banker. what do you do?
i am going to school for business. i am a banker.
that is great. do you like music? i love all kinds.
oh no, i am sorry to hear that.
oh. i am an electricalian. i love to fix stuff.
that is cool, i have to wear a hat when i weld, i hate it
i listen to country music and drive a big truck.
a cattle ranch. i love cows. i am an electrician, so i get a lot of work.
that is great. my father is a mechanic.
i have a horse named model, i like to ride with him.
i love cows, i have a cow
oh no, i understand. i am about to eat a cow
it would be a long drive, but it would be nice to see.
oh, i am sorry! what do you do for fun?
i am in the country, and my farm is where i live.
country music, i love it.
i love country!!!! i listen to country music while i drive my big truck.
do you like country music?
that is good. i am a truck driver. what do you do?
good, how are you?
my mother is, but not my father. he is construction worker
i love the color pink. i am a huge fan of the color black.
nice! i am a coffee drinker myself, and love it!
i hope you enjoy it. what do you do for fun
i am a construction worker, but i love drinking coffee. do you drink it?
my father was a construction worker, i love coffee.
photography is fun! i enjoy it also.
that is exciting. do you have any hobbies?
i bet it will be lovely!
no i live on a farm
oh, i am a little kid, but i am so lonely
i live in a cloud so i am always lonely
yes! i think so too!
you are right. i would rather be superman
i know how that feels. i am in high school and i graduate in two years.
oh, i see, you stole a purse.
no, i don't. i don't like animals, i eat them all up.
that is good. what are your hobbies?
sometimes, yes. but that does not bother me. i am going to be a nurse.
that is great. i am sure you will be a great cop. i am a vet
i have purple and lime green things in my house
every day, i love it. do you ride at all?
i am good, how are you?
that is exciting! i am glad to hear that. what do you do for a living?
me too. but i have got this.....
i am sure you are not. you just have to find the right person.
i am a man. a 46 year old man.
me too. i am a father of 46 and he is the same
that is good to hear
that sounds nice, i am a producer for an engineer.
hello, i am mia. how are you?
it sure is. what are you up to today?
i work at a restaurant that serves tacos
i have a brother, we are close. i am the youngest of 3. do you have siblings?
wow! that is so cool
that is a good food to cook with
i have never been to new york.
i love dogs, i have one named radar
i am doing well, how are you?
that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
what do you do with the naturopaths?
that is awesome! i am also married to a great doctor.
i bet. what do you do for a living?
oh. do you have a family?
no not at all, i just need it by the time i get home
i am good. just finished making a huge batch of chicken and rice.
i am not, but my name is larry, like my father.
i like to cook and fish but i also enjoy reading.
i like to cook everything. i am a foodie
cool. what is his name?
that is great. i am a chef.
cooking, i am a very good chef.
great! how are you? i am drinking wine and dancing in the moonlight.
i bet you are very smart. what do you do for a living?
i love to dance and sing
that is fun too. i am really strong. i could lift a truck!
you would not. i would just curl up with a glass of wine and dance in the moonlight.
oh okay. do you like wine? i love wine and dance in the moonlight.
that is pretty. i have never had purple hair, but i am strong.
i have curly hair too! i like to dance on the moonlight.
hi! not really, just taking it one day at a time. you?
oh nice! what do you do for fun? i enjoy playing tennis.
a lab and yes he is
i don't have any instruments but i play tennis professionally.
i bet you do. what kind of music?
i don't have any instruments. i am too busy playing tennis professionally.
i play tennis, and am married. i have three kids.
yes. i love to listen to music while i play tennis. what do you do for work?
yes it is. what do you do for fun?
you too, take care.
i am doing well, how about you?
i enjoy riding my arabian horses
that is nice. i like to listen to music while i work.
i have 2 arabians, they are my favorite animals.
that is cool. do you like to work on cars?
i help take care of the fields, and hang out with my three arabian horses.
it can be, but when it is done right it is rewarding.
i ride every day, i am a farmer.
i am a cancer survivor.
yes, i try to be. i enjoy marathons and running.
wow, you are ambitious. i hope you can make it.
i hope so! my cancer survivor friends say that i am a great cook.
i am a stay at home mom. how about you?
i am very happy. i am going to be a life coach.
we should! tell me about yourself.
nice talking to you also! bye!
i am always open to friend requests, what is your favorite color?
i love music. i am a music doctor. i love all kinds of music.
i am only 22!
i have not. i have heard great things though. i love iron man!
cool, i love the park! i go there to go to the playground
yes i am. what about you?
yes. my daughter is on the soccer team
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
hello. i am a 45 year old male who drinks a lot.
i live in the city and it is so crowded.
oh my. i would not be able to help you with that.
that is a bummer. i have been clean for 45 years.
i work in the city as a cleaning lady.
i am a retired veteran, i have been seeing a lot of people needing help with their issues.
i enjoy taking long walks in the city
i have a hard time seeing people sometimes because of my alcoholism
hi how are you doing today
that is nice, i live in the cloud
i do like ice cream. i live in the cloud and love cloud icecream.
i love to be alone
i am not. i am just a little girl. i live with my mom.
no i was a baby. no family. i am an orphan
they are really cool. i wish they had superpowers
i am 12. how old are you?
that is great! what do you like to do in your spare time?
oh i understand. i have a job at the bookstore i compete in.
i don't care about fashion, i want to be orange
i am sorry you feel that way
i like to dance to it on the weekend. i am pretty good.
i like books about chemistry.
i am actually going to be dancing tonight
i am a night racer, i go to the book store on the weekends to compete.
hello trish. i am george, my dad is dead.
my eyes are blue too, but i am close to my family.
friends are good. i have none
that is awesome, i am always looking for new friends.
oh i love my hair too
me too! i have to go soon though, gotta feed my family.
po box? that is interesting. do you like to do anything with it?
oh... i have a box too... its filled with bees. i have never seen bees
hello, no i don't. do you?
i don't like to eat meat.
i like the color purple, i have been dying my hair purple lately
i like to wear dark colors.
i am sure they will love to have you around to watch them.
i am an old soul. i remember when nobody had a tv
i don't know. i just don't know. i am old.
i don't like wine. i am not very strong
hi katie! i love to play sports and sing songs from movies.
that would be cool! i like to sing songs from movies.
yes i love animals and i have 2 dogs
i bet! do you go to disney? i go every year!
mine is brown, what about you?
probably the little mermaid. she is so adorable.
no, but i have always wanted to go to disneyland.
my best friend is micky mouse. i am the youngest in my family.
i am well how are you
i have been riding the bus, i am on it alot
thank you! what do you do for fun?
i have been surfing the web for ages!!
i like instagram and snapchat.
that is nice, do you go to school
i have solar panels on my bus to school.
good... just hanging out watching some videos on youtube
i like donuts and i am a die hard call of duty fan
i am 24 years old
i am not a good driver either. i am too busy with the ford.
that is cool i like donuts they are my favorite
i have to pick up my ford pinto, it is my fav.
i don't. i have a ford focus. do you like cars?
i am a truck driver so that is what i drive.
hi! my name is lucy. what is yours?
no i am only 12
that is exciting! i have a friend coming over from vacation to help.
what kind of a job is that?
i am a student. what about you?
i don't read much, i am too busy playing video games
i don't watch a lot of them but i do love music.
i know but i am a kid so
hello, i am 32, how about you?
i live in the country so i don't have to worry about my age.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
i don't like sports either, i like to paint and draw.
no. i live in the country.
i live in a rural farming community so i don't have a car
a german shepherd, a german shepherd mixed with some poodle.
yes. i have a big barn and a few chickens.
hi, how are you? i am well, and yourself?
that sounds relaxing, i have a dog and cat. i have two dogs.
i love dogs. i have one named mater and one named maddie
nice, i am deathly afraid of heights, do you like to row?
cool. i am an animal lover, so i like to help out at the animal shelter.
i like to watch movies with my dog, he is named mean girl.
i love it too, i also like to help at the food bank sometimes
it does. i am afraid of heights.
i am sorry. i don't like them either.
i work as a car salesman. i hate my job
i like them too, but i am not working any more.
no, my job is my vacation. i sell cars.
i am thinking of doing that! i hate my job
i am a bit old for board games. i am 40.
i am trying to get away from my job.
i like all music. what about you?
i am good how are you?
i do too. what kind of dog do you have?
i am only in my second year, married my super model.
i like to read too! especially when i am stressed.
i don't drink but i have a passion for beekeeping.
i am doing ok. do you like to travel?
that is so cool. my favorite place to go is a bee farm.
i have been told they are all sorts of hornets
i work as a secretary for an insurance agency.
i was forced to marry my cousin
no i was not in the military
to escape my captors and their demands
it was a terrible situation, i have been married for five years now
yeah i am from somalia but my parents were not happy about it
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
thank you. you too. have a great day.
hi i am good. how are you doing?
that is awesome. i wish i could wrestle. i have never been big in wrestling.
i am going to have to try it out!
i am working on my physical therapy. i have been doing it since i was in school.
i will think about it, but my mom is allergic to animals
i am in high school and i have a lot of friends that are there too.
me too. i am studying to be a physical therapist.
i am in high school and i make as in college.
i have not seen that movie. i am more of a buddhist.
yes, i am very. i also meditate a lot.
i don't like to swim, but meditate a lot
i live in alaska, so no pets here.
that is very true! i don't do plastic surgery though
do you meditate? it helps calm me. i like it.
i don't have dogs. i do have buddhism.
i don't have a lot of time to watch streams since i live in alaska.
hello i am doing well how are you?
yes. but i love them all. five is too many.
i have never had a concert. i like to relax with my 5 sons.
nice. i have a mini van myself.
mostly rock and roll.
no, but i have five kids.
i have never heard of them.
oh nice! do you have any children? i have five boys.
yes i do, i like gambling
i am a student.
i am in school and i hate math
i am a student, so i don't get to mow much.
i will do my best to do so! i am only 13.
i am from the west coast so i travel a lot too
do you like to play soccer?
i do, i have made a few snowmen. what else do you do for fun?
hi! i am doing good. i just got back from riding a horse
i have four of them. i love them so much.
i don't mind foals. they live a long time.
i have a dream of moving to the city
i understand that. people are always looking for their best interests in everything
that is awesome. i am working on getting into law
i am a huge fan of chocolate. i am going to make a chocolate cheesecake
i run on my farm, on my horses. i love horses.
hi jennifer, i am kim and i love the color yellow
no i don't but my wife and kids love it
oh wow! my wife and kids love to watch it with me
yes! i love eating chocolate ice cream.
my wife and kids are great, but my wife is the best.
i like to plumb with my three children, i am the best plumber in the world.
i am in texas, i am a plumber. do you have kids?
i have never been but i hear they are beautiful!
i love to party! i spend a lot of time in the tanning bed
i am a teacher, and you?
i like spending money at the mall.
do you like to shop? i love spending money.
i will look into it. i have a thing for britney spears
i am trying to lose weight... but i need more money
yes i do, i also love to go to the beach.
i don't have time for that. i am too busy spending my money.
that sounds like fun! i have been shopping for new shoes.
i am not a big fan of color
yes me too. my favorite are the koala bears
i have been shopping for them. i am thinking of getting a cat.
i am in the same boat. shoplifting is what i am into.
well, i shoplift at starbucks, but i got caught and now i am in a cell.
no i did not i shoplift a lot in high school
i did not pay anything. i shop a lot.
good, i have two dogs, they are my favorite thing ever.
pit bull and chihuahua. i love them.
i agree! i love working on my cars and dogs are my favorite thing to do!
i have two beautiful mustangs. do you have any pets?
i would rather not be around a vampire.
haha... you could... do you have any hobbies?
that would be cool. i would love that.
you are welcome! i am sure you will be fine.
i am well. just finished my daily skate session
i bet it is, do you like to skateboard?
that is good. my friends are all boarders, so i have to wear a lot of protective equipment
mcdonalds. i am a big fan of their fries.
i like both of those!
i don't. my friends are too and i don't like wearing a hat.
i love to go surfing too.
what do you like to do in your free time?
i am well. just working in it right now. what are you doing?
i am just hanging out with my kids and dogs
i am a stay at home mom of two, i have a house in florida.
that is cool, my husband is in that field
i own a house in florida.
cool. i am a stay at home mom. i love my kids and dogs.
wow, that is interesting! what do you do?
i like the slots, i play video games.
i am a brunette, i am not very skinny.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
i like the cooler weather.
i love radiohead, but my favorites are the band shirts.
i am not laughing, i am dying inside.
i love the band, but i am not really into them
yes, i like it. do you have any hobbies?
i am great. i am just hanging out with my daughter. how are you?
i am a doctor. how about you?
oh that is terrible. i hope you are able to find a good one
i am a doctor and my wife is a child prodigy
she is a genius. she is the reason my husband became a doctor.
i am a pediatrician, i see kids like that all the time
what do you do for work?
i have a dog. she is a little kitty. do you have any pets?
hi names jon and i am in india
my mom is very traditional and she is a death metal fan
cool. i am studying to become a computer programmer.
it is nice. i like to go to the pool a lot.
my parents are from india and my mom is also from there.
i live in cali. how about you?
i am studying to be a computer programmer
i have a ipod as well, but i prefer to use my phone instead.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
nice! do you like it? i am retired from the gym.
i am not much of a hiker, i am more of a vegetarian.
retired teacher, but i am a war buff, so i am a bit of a buffoon.
oh okay. do you like it?
i am from california. how about you?
no pets but i do have a cat
no i have not. do they do drugs?
i am four. i am a clown.
lol. i love man. he is the best.
sure. what kind do you want?
i don't. i don't have a tv
oh that is so sweet, but no, i don't have any dolls.
why not? i am a girl and my toyota is not allowed in my car either
that is true. do you have a favorite color?
just sitting here with my two dogs, i love them so much
cool, i am about to go to the gym myself.
that is cool. i am just hanging out with my two dogs.
i don't like the treadmill, i like rowing machines
i love to do the rowing machine, do you?
i like to exercise. i do it often when bored.
i am, i don't know if that is a good or bad thing.
i don't date but i have two dogs.
i am good how are you?
yeah, i have been busy dancing.
what is your favorite color?
do you dance for fun? i love hiphop and old school music
i am only 26, so i don't think i am ready for that kind of music.
what else do you enjoy?
what do you do?
yes i am. how old are you
hi. i don't. i do have great grandchildren and children though.
oh, wow! that is a lot of kids!
no but i have great grandchildren and i have a great cat.
nice. i don't have a pet, i have amazing children and grandkids
i don't have kids or grandkids but i have great grandchildren.
i wish i could play with turtles and dolls. i have amazing grandchildren
that is nice. i am not old enough to have a cell phone yet.
i am good thanks for asking
i do too. i love singing and drawing.
i am four, how old are you?
that you cannot see colors, that your hair is brown and not blue
yes i do. it is very inspirational.
do you have siblings? i have four.
wow, that sounds intense! i don't like the idea of running.
that sounds like a rewarding job
hey i am also.... i don't have a relationship with anyone right now
that is funny, i am a gym rat that loves cars!
i am a mechanic, but i would like to socialize with someone.
it is nice but it is a little lonely.
yeah i have a new job at home so i can spend more time at the gym
yeah it is, but it is a lot of work
i socialize a lot. i go to the gym, socialize with other people.
i have been to a few concerts with my clarinet
i am doing well, i am in school myself.
that is great, i love to shop, and i love to teach
yes i love them! i have a black one
i am sorry to hear that.
congrats! i just got my first car as well!
probably something like a volkswagen passat
i try. my dream is a roll cage, but it is not working out for me.
i love surprises. i love to surprise my family with things.
i am good thanks for asking
i have a little sister and her boyfriend.
i love disneyland! my favorite movie of all time
i like the little ones. they have a great imagination
i love that place. i am a kid so i don't have much free time.
yes! my friends and i are going to disney world this year.
i don't have any kids, do you have kids?
hello! my day has been good. i have been working on a new career.
wow! you must have a lot of talent.
that sounds like a stressful job. i am looking for a new job.
that is sad. i hope that you get a good job soon.
yes. what do you do for fun?
i like to go to the park and watch movies.
its pretty good. what are you up to?
hello, how are you? i am doing well!
that is a great field to be in, i work at the school.
thanks! i work at a school as a music teacher, i love it.
i will bring my kids, they are triplets.
i am so excited! triplets are the cutest!!
i have a nice smile. blue eyes are nice too.
i don't really have a favorite. what is your favorite?
hi! i am doing okay. i am a insurance salesman. you?
about 3 months, i have been at it a year
yes it was, my father was in the army so i had to move away.
i don't have a job at this moment. i just started working in insurance.
i was not fired i just had to get a new job
my father in the army told me he would get me a new job
i worked in the insurance business, i was promoted to colonel.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am a super model from italy, and my name is george.
i am a model, i am a model for modeling.
i import food mainly. i don't have much family to go shopping for it.
i am a stay at home mom
i have never kayak. i am a bit afraid to.
i have never camped before. do you have any siblings?
yes it is. i like to go to the beach.
not really. my wife makes a killer pasta from italy.
sure! i am a little tired. how about you?
i love to sing in the park. do you like movies?
i like the little ones that talk back to me.
i am a little old to be a robot. i am in 3rd grade
i am in 3rd grade
i am in the 3rd grade
i am not sure really. i do love singing though!
well i am in 3rd grade. so i think i will pass
hi! i am good. just got back from london.
oh that is great! do you like to travel? i love to travel
i have been there before and it was great. i will definitely have to stop by next time
i have been twice. i was there to visit my sister who lives there.
yeah it is hard i am 60 years old and want to retire soon
oh, that is cool! do you sell them?
that is cool. do you like to travel?
hi i like to eat anything but fish i hate fish
that is great, i love to help my family
i am more of a country fan.
i have two cats myself.
i have three! i am a builder. what about you?
i am a contractor for now. i am thinking about building a house with my dad.
i understand that. i am a construction worker.
hi. not really. i am just playing with my imaginary friends
i am going to dye my hair.
oh really? i work from home, so that makes things easier.
i have a lot of hobbies now. i like roleplaying and reading
that is admirable of your dad. do you have any other hobbies?
no i just role play. what about you?
i am obsessed with my job. i am a character actor in a tv show.
hi rob. i am michelle. i play soccer for school.
i am in my second year of high school.
i like the new toyotas, they are nice
i am in school. i ride the bus to school.
i understand that, i am a little crazy sometimes
dogs are nice, do you have any siblings?
i don't. do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend?
i am only 13, so i have plenty of time
i am good thanks for asking
no, i just got a job. i work in a gas station, i hate it.
i work at a gas station, but i am terrified of clowns.
no, i was born with no hands.
i would love that! i love to garden as well, and i am a big gardener.
i don't know. i was adopted at a young age
i was but my dad was a bit crazy
yes i am. how old are you?
yep! it is a red drake. it is a dragon!!
no i don't i am not a drinker i just enjoy it
i bet you have a nice voice. i am a poet.
i have not drank in years.
my dad used to build for a living, so he was always busy.
that is so sweet of you!
it is pretty awesome. what do you do for work?
i am glad i did not move away from my family. my father was a construction worker.
i am doing great, and yourself?
cool. i am just hanging out watching star wars
that is great to hear. what are your other interests?
that is terrible. i hope you get better soon.
that is great! i enjoy poetry and football
i try to stay away from tv as well.
oh ok. i don't like sleep either.
what do you astral project to?
sure i love talking to new people
i am still in school. my parents are teachers.
of course you can! you can also play with my guitar.
i love board games, what is your favorite board game?
do you have a favorite band? mine are up.
oh. i am only 10.
that is nice. i don't like music much.
you should check out up, they are great. i saw them at the beach
i am good. just got back from the dentist.
i am in cali as well. i am currently looking for a job
no i don't have any siblings
i love tacos, what about you?
do you like sports? i like basketball
i like tom petty. he was an interesting dude. do you like music?
i have a lot of family in the area so i visit often.
i am sorry, i hope you feel better
hi! i am doing well. just listening to some folk music. you?
i hope to make it big one day, my parents are not supportive.
that is awesome! my parents are not super supportive of my singing career.
me too. i have a big dream of playing in the nfl one day.
i am a woman. do you have any other hobbies?
i am a girl.... i know life is short. but i have to do what i have to do
that is a great profession. my parents don't like my music so i have to do what i have to.
i am not sure i would make it. i don't think i have the chops.
hello! i am great. i just got a new apartment and am looking for roommate
i just found it. it was just on the corner.
i am studying to be a barista. how about you?
i am sure it would be. i am going to look for a job there
i work at a bar and have a friend at the other end
you should get one. they are fun
it is a very busy place, and i don't like the loud music that comes with it.
very interesting. i work at a bar and i often have people come in to watch.
hello! i just finished making a lasagna for dinner. what do you do?
wow that is great, what a dream
i am a doctor now. i love my job.
oh i am sorry. what is wrong with the bees?
that is too bad. do you have a daughter
i have a daughter who is a child prodigy
yes, i am hoping that is the case.
i have not told anyone, i just keep busy.
i am great. what kind of horse is it?
i like horses too, i have two dogs and a horse
no he was not, i was raised in a multi parent household
i love rock music too. my parents are both dead so i have a lot of free time
i like to read a lot. i like the bible a lot.
i love to cook but i have never made a meal out of it
i will look into it. thank you for the tip
hey i am sam. nice to meet you. i am currently a recovering alcoholic
what kind of music do you like? i like rock.
i love the beach. i live in the city now.
no i am a man of culture.
i have heard of them, i like the farm music. do you have any hobbies?
i will, i love seeing them live. what do you do for work?
no but i am trying to cut back on my meds. i am alcoholic
i love board games. i also enjoy going to the board games cafe
i am a football player, for a college.
no but i have hurt my knee playing football
no i don't know. i don't watch star wars.
i like coffee, but i like star wars more.
what do you do for a living?
yes, i do. i like the new characters a lot.
i have only seen the new one. i like the old ones more.
i guess. i like the prequels more though
i know the feeling. my mom is strict about her religious views.
oh nice!! i am studying to be a computer programmer.
wow. i have never eaten a donut.
i am not sure what kind of a donut you are referring to, are you from australia?
that is awesome, you should come to my pool and swim with me.
oh i love that band too.
i am not going to tell mommy
oh. i have no idea who that is.
no, i am a history major. i am a bit of a nerd.
i am a history major, what about you?
it is a type of food. i love to cook it
don't listen to this guy, he is crazy. don't even try.
i do like fish and chips
oh ok. so do you have any kids?
oh i see. i am an art major, so i know a bit about that.
what type of work do you do?
hi i am great how are you
i am a painter, maybe i can help you. i can make your house look nice.
my two children don't like to go out and exercise, so i don't either.
i fantasize about taking over the world and taking over the art scene
i guess. i am a 56 year old woman.
that is cool. i wish i was a teacher, but my two grown kids would not like that
i like to take art classes
i am. i have a few paintings from my childhood.
i am good, how are you doing?
oh nice. what is your favorite movie?
i have one named trooper
that is great. do you have a favorite sport?
i am a georgia resident. i am a mechanical engineer
i am a mechanic, i love my job!
i don't think that is possible! i am a mechanic and engineer!
do you have any pets?
i am great. how are you today?
nice! i just had a nice espresso myself.
that is awesome! i am a huge fan of football!
me too, especially when they are about football.
superman is cool, i like batman more.
i like football but don't watch it. i like to play poetry
i love to take my deer to the creek and shoot it
i do my best to make people laugh.
i live in chicago so i am used to it
nice. i love rowing and treadmill myself.
oh, wow. that is not cool.
that is cool i like to run
what is your favorite food?
i love rowing and treadmill.
blue is the best color, i like blue and the gym
cool. i have a dog, and two dogs. i love animals.
i am doing well and you?
i am a gym rat. i spend most of my money on cars.
wow, i am working from home, so i can afford a car better.
i have a facebook account but i rarely use it
i am sorry. i am sure they miss you
i love spending money on cars, i have never had a relationship with anyone before.
yes i love it. i spend my money on cars and other things i like.
i have never had a relationship like this one. i don't know why.
i am good. how are you doing today?
i love shopping, so i am glad you like it!
i shop at walmart for everything. i am a watchmaker.
i like the look of those!
i love to shop and listen to her
i am not sure what that is. maybe something with a red stripe?
i like shopping a lot.
no they don't. i am trying to get into a better job
i am doing well. how are you?
yeah, but i really like football.
i work in farming. i am raising my german shepherd dog, bjorn.
yes i have a german shepherd.
what are you going to school for
i am sorry. do you have family?
that is good. i like to watch nhl hockey, but i am not very good.
i have never been there. my husband is in the nfl
i am great. how are you?
i sell door to door
well my father was also a salesman so i am a little biased
do you like to watch the olympa? i love it.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
well i like to walk my dogs
yes i am. do you play any sports?
i would share but i would rather be outside.
i am doing well, how are you?
oh that sounds painful! i have been rowing for a while and am getting tired
i would not recommend it. they might get a heart attack
i am kind, but not too kind.
i am a hair stylist. what do you do?
i am sure you don't feel that way
oh, i am sorry. i don't have time to train you. i have dogs.
i don't think i look hobbled.
and god bless you too
hi, my parents teach.
oh no! i am sorry. i hope it gets better for you.
oh that is a fun sport
i am the oldest of three boys. my mom is a school teacher.
i am so sorry. my parents are both teachers.
i like to go to the beach and listen to music
that is cool! i play board games, but i love board games!
oh wow! do you have any hobbies?
i am doing very well, thank you. how about you?
boxes? i love boxes, i love to read. i am a pa
i love the green. i like the hills too.
i don't work right now i am a pa but i am a teacher
that sounds interesting, i am currently unemployed
what are you going to school for?
i love books too. i read three a week for my new job.
yes, it is a good series.
good. just got back from yale with my business degree.
i am dying mine. i am in my 20s and have a degree in finance.
i am not sure what that means
my parents are very wealthy and have a lot of money.
why not? i don't mind it.
it depends on the course, but generally i have heard it is about 600 800
yeah, i am very rich and plan to go to business school.
yeah, they are pretty wealthy. i am hoping to go to a better school
i am well, how about you?
me too, i am studying french now though, it is my favorite
oh okay, i am a roofer.
i am studying spanish. i am a musician
i am a musician, so i love languages and music!
sure, i am studying french right now
yes, i have one and a cat named toby.
cool, i love cats! i am also a musician so i love to play music in my spare time.
hi jefferson! i am a girl, so i don't really drive
no, but my mom is. she is a bank teller.
i am a girl. what do you do for a living?
i am only 12 but i want to be a teacher one day.
i did not. i learned about pobox and my favorite game, fallout.
do they teach math in school?
oh wow, i am not familiar with that
what are your other hobbies?
great. i am reading my favorite book. how are you?
i love to go see disneyland and the new land cruise parks
my favorite thing to do is read
yes, it is a great place. i like reading and walking around.
yeah, i have been a mom for 8 years now. how about you?
i love pizza and reading, i will probably read too.
i bet. i am a delivery nurse so i get to walk 3 miles every day
delivery nurse. i love to read, especially the newest disney books.
i am good. how are you doing?
i like the csi clock
i work in an office. i am scared of clowns so i am always looking for work.
it was ok, i was scared a lot.
it was but now it is just a hobby.
i love to garden and work with my hands
he sure does. he has been trying to set me up with some really good guys.
yes i have to deal with it. do you have a job?
i am great, how about yourself?
i am sorry. are you married?
yes. i am a singer. you?
i am a teacher at a kindergarten.
no, i am not that good
i love the spring so much
yes, i am getting married in the spring actually.
yes they do! they can make you do anything
i don't think that is a good idea. i am 4.
no i don't ride, i am too young for that
yeah, i love singing it to my four year old, she is a total ham
no i am too young to read
oh, how old are you now?
i hope so. i love reading and singing about poetry.
i will. i have 4 and a half brothers.
i am 4 and my mommy does not understand me
no, not really. i like to spend time on facebook
oh that is great. i have a boyfriend but we are not together.
i am a bit of a health nut so i try to avoid processed foods. do you believe in god?
i don't have a favorite color, i am pretty happy with life.
i spend a lot of time on facebook
yes. i love watching football and hockey.
that sounds fun! what do you do for work?
that sounds interesting. i am more into health stuff.
good, how are you doing today?
that is good. do you have any hobbies?
cool, i am studying spanish. what is your favorite food?
green is my favorite, what is yours?
i love summer, the color red reminds me of summer, spanish
i have a friend who speaks spanish. i want to study it.
i play guitar in a band. what kind of music do you play?
i am not sure if i could ever be a pole dancer.
you should read a book and relax. i like reading.
that is ok, i am used to it. do you have any hobbies?
i love reading books
i am tall with long flowing hair. how about you?
i don't wear cloths, i walk 3 miles every day.
oh, those are great bands too
oh, okay. i have a dog, his name is mickey.
he is a planet... a planet with a lot of planets
i am well. how about you?
i like to run as well, i swim at a local pool
i like the water too, but i like the pool more
yes i do we have two boys and a girl
i love the food. indian food is my favorite.
yes there are, i love it
i just put some garlic and salt on it, and it came out great!
i love naan bread with roti
hello i am doing well, and you?
what do you like to eat?
i was a baseball player. my dad was in the army.
i am a insurance salesman. what kind of job did you have before?
it does, i get to help my dad out, he is a soldier.
i like to eat soft food, like carrots.
i like to play softball and watch tv, i don't get you started
what do you do for a living?
good, just got home from a dance lesson
i am a fan of the college and pro football. what is your favorite team?
yes, you did. i was just about to ask if you wanted to dance with me.
that is cool, i like the seahawks.
well he is only 34, i think he is ready.
tom brady. i was just there last week dancing
i was born in somalia. where did you grow up?
i am not a fan of rivers
yes it is nice out. i just got in from work.
that is fun! i have a step child. triplets in 3 months.
i have two cats too... triplets!
i don't know. it just seems right
yes it is but it is my new home
i just turned 30 this year, i feel old!
i don't have any pets, but my step children love cats.
i just bought a new home so i am very happy
wow, that is great, i am just taking a break from studying french
that is awesome! i am a sophomore and am studying spanish.
no i am not. i study spanish and want to be a teacher.
i am not but i am in spanish class.
yes that is correct. i want to be a translator.
nice! i hope i get a nice car when i go back to spain
i like the old mustangs too. my next goal is to learn spanish.
i hope so. do you have any hobbies?
hi. i am doing well. how about yourself?
that is cool i have not been outside in 3 months
yes, i love country music, i also like to meditate
oh, neat. what do you do there?
it is. do you have a favorite sport?
yes. i like to meditate and read the buddhist texts. you?
i have never seen a vintage car before.
i like music but i don't really have time for it. i work so much.
that sounds like fun. i am not very good at music.
nursing home, my wife left me, took my children and my husband
i am a nurse so i have to stay healthy
i wish my job was more fulfilling. i spend most of my time on facebook.
yes, you will. do you have any kids?
that is nice. do you have any children?
i am a hopeless romantic, i don't believe in anything
i am doing well, how about you?
yeah it was. what do you do for fun
that is cool. do you like to cook?
oh no, that is not good! i love food!
you need to take a vacation to eat. it really relaxes me.
that is great! what is your favorite food?
yes i agree. i don't have many friends. i am very lonely.
that is an idea. i am not good at acting
i am well, just finished a long run. how are you?
i don't eat any animal products. i am vegetarian.
you are a kid? i am a vegetarian.
i like to eat vegetarian food. i am not really a vegetarian.
i have a wife, she is also vegan.
do you have a favorite team?
i understand them just fine. i am a vegetarian myself.
wow. you are young. i am married to my wonderful husband.
sure, i am in my thirties. what do you do?
i am a big chess fan. i play a few times a week.
its ok. i am still young, and i love baths. i will be 22 in may.
that is a good thing. i like to volunteer.
i am 24. do you have any hobbies?
i live in the countryside, i am in my twenties.
that sounds like a fun way to spend your time.
ah, understandable. i am only 20. so i am still learning.
i love anything that is spicy and sour.
my older sister lives in alabama. she is a great cook!
ok, do you play any sports?
dogs are great. my older sister has 3.
oh no. that is not good.
i love tacos!!! i have a dog and he loves tacos!
i know, but i have to get it out somehow
i hope not, i love the sunshine
i am looking for work. i am a doctor and i like movies
you could. i am looking for a new job.
i would like to see you do that. i would like to see your hunting skills.
she is a year or two old, she is a prodigy.
no, she was in a accident when i was growing up.
that is cool. i am a bit of a nerd. i am a doctor.
i am in cali, and my daughter is the first child to be diagnosed with childs
i love to build things and travel
oh okay. do you have any pets?
nice! i am in construction.
that is a good combo. i like fish and chips too
oh, i love paella. i make my own.
i think 10 15. i am pretty good with numbers.
i have two cats, and two dogs.
i am sorry. what is your favorite season?
hi i love to listen to rap music
my car is a 2016 civic. i love my car
i have a civic. it is a 15 year old honda civic.
it is nice. i like the museums.
i am sorry. what kind of music do you listen to?
i like to eat it with charlie.
a cat. he is the only thing keeping me going.
he loves anything pizza.
i am good how are you?
congratulations! i just got a job working in bookstore
no, i don't. i do like to exercise though
i like to chat with people online. i like to go to stores.
i don't like to workout, i don't want to look like a freak
i like to compete in dog agility class. do you work?
i am not a fan of the color orange. what do you like?
he has a problem with his stripes.
hi! i am jake, and i am doing well!
sounds fun! do they like music?
a lab, he is a golden retriever
i am, i listen to country music.
it really is. i love country music.
yes, its my day off. i work in customer service.
i have a lot of dogs.
i am great, how are you?
that is too bad. i am baking a cookie for my dogs
what is your dogs name?
that sounds very true, do you have any pets?
i am not sure what that is, i do like to bake
i will have to see what the requestor offers.
what do you like to do in your free time
that is not good. i am sorry
you should do well. my dad used to work for home depot.
i grew up in a trailer park.
i am a stay at home dad so i love cities. i love to see horror movies.
yes i do, my son is in school and he lives in a rural area
yes i do and he is in junior high
my dad used to work for home depot, he used to be a salesman.
yes, i live in the midwest. i love horror movies. you?
oh, that is awesome. i love horror movies
i am doing good. just had pizza with black olives
that is cool. i am just hanging out with my cat, spooky
i like the who too. they are a fun bunch.
no i am too busy working
it does suck. what are you up to this weekend?
i know i know... i have a cat named spooky. do you have pets?
oh yeah, i love donuts, and black olives!
i am not picky on donuts. i love pizza with black olives.
i like it. i just love to hike in the morning and look at the sunset.
i am sorry to hear that. what do your parents do for a living?
i just turned 18 a month ago
sorry to hear that. i hope they find a good man.
he wanted to take care of my fish... i have a pet fish named spot
haha.... i know, but it is ok..... i will always love him
thanks for the support! i hope you have a good night
i am not sure, but i love gyros. what do you like?
i love italian food and garlic bread. i hope we can get some there.
i love eating all italian food and i am a olympa
i like to workout, i am a olympa medalist in olympa
i am more of a tennis person, but i do like gymnastics.
i love italian food. i will bring my favorite, garlic bread.
i am not sure if i could do that, i have to go now, my gym is closed tomorrow
oh yeah. carbs are the bomb. i am a fitness guru. you workout? i do. 4 days a week.
i love alaska. i am a stunt double for movies and books.
that is nice where do you like to travel
i have never been a huge fan of movies, but i have seen a few.
that is great. i have been a stunt double for a few books
i am a stunt double for a movie, i am also in movies
i have a single parent household, so i am used to cold.
i am a professional actor, and i have been on set for over forty movies.
i am doing well. how are you?
wow, what a unique talent! i am currently looking for a job, but i am scared of heights.
what are you having dinner?
i have never heard of him. i don't go to shelters
that is awesome! do you ever get tired of teaching them?
that sounds interesting. i am still looking for a job.
yes i am. my mom is. i am not sure if she will like it.
i like to listen to rock music and go for a ride on my arabian horses.
chili, i love that stuff!
oh, i am so excited. my father is a farmer and he invited me.
wow, i have never heard of lightning bugs.
i will try to bring some of my arabian horses over.
its like riding a horse with no saddle.
they do... names are named................................
that is cool. my father has a farm so we get together every saturday.
it was ok. i was watching a movie with my cats.
oh i am too old to watch any sports
not much just watching the animals how about you?
just the normal ones. i have a lot of allergies so i can t touch them
i like purple. do you have any pets?
i like animals so much
i have to take care of my cats
yes, i have three cats and two birds
hello, i am well, how are you?
i am sure you are not too old
i don't have any kids, but i do have a cat and dog.
i am a mortician.
that sounds like it would be fun.
i don't know. i don't have the confidence to learn.
well they do. it was nice chatting with you.
i live in california as well, but i love the mountains.
i am a little girl and i feel like a little kid,
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any super powers?
oh no! what kind of clothes were you stealing?
super speed. i can go over very fast for long distances
i hope you enjoy your 30 days, it is nice to have a break from all this
i live in a cloud, it is so huge.
i am sure there is, i have never been there.
i live in a house full of clouds.
i am well, thank you! just finished my workout on the treadmill.
oh wow, i am not sure how i missed that
that is cool. i am a gym rat. don't go to the gym.
that sounds like a great way to spend the day.
i like cats. i am allergic to dogs though.
i like to run in the gym, do you?
that is nice of them. do you like to exercise?
ll. that is a great idea! i will have to try that.
hello how are you doing today
jesus is a good man. i don't know if i could live without my triplets.
i love pizza too, and country music. do you have children?
i have a dog too. his name is charlie. what is his name?
haha. i don't know about that. my step kids are a handful
i have a 2011, but i am hoping for a triplet soon.
i will, thank you for the suggestion
i am good, just got done driving my bmw.
that is great! i am glad you are doing well.
oh that is wonderful. i wish i learned something like that
his own clothing. i have a bmw.
i love to read books and watch tv
it is very cold. it is nice though.
that is cool. i graduated with a degree in finance.
i have a degree in business
doing great! how are you?
i love cats. do you like movies?
i like vanilla ice cream but i love chocolate
do you like any other disney movies? i love it.
i work for a real estate company.
i am in 3rd grade and i love laser pointers
that is awesome. what is your favorite movie?
that is so cool. i am not athletic, but i love to play sports.
i am good! how are you?
i play the violin, but i am addicted to playing games and role playing
wow! that is awesome. what is your favourite color?
i would like to learn to speak another language, maybe english.
i don't like them, they are too sweet. i like vanilla.
that is a great one too! do you have a favorite animal?
i don't go to many parties because i am always online gaming
well, i am addicted to playing games and roleplaying.
it is going great! how are you?
i work at a gas station. i am always in the kitchen.
i am terrified of clowns. what do you do for fun?
i have a fear of clowns, but love gardening. do you have any?
oh i am sorry to hear that.
that is so sweet. how did she help you escape?
yes i know. i am scared of clowns.
my dad tried to set me up on one of those blind dates.
i am fine. i just came back from pong practice. i love that sport
that is so fun. my dad works for an electric company.
wow. i am more of a pong player, i can play that.
oh i understand. i am a nurse as well.
that sounds like fun. do you like chocolate?
yeah. i just don't know when. do you speak any other languages?
ok, i am off to work, electrician
i am good, just got in from a walk with my family. how are you?
i love volunteering. i love reading a good book
not really. do you work?
both! i have to be ready to go to work the next morning.
oh no! what happened to you?
i am a nurse at the baby delivery center.
i am in ohio as well. what do you do for a living?
i bet it is. i am used to colder weather. i am used to the cold
great. playing some chess with my two dogs
i have been playing chess with my dog. do you like sports?
i am a student. i am only 22
i am in my forties. i am a mom with two dogs.
do you have a family?
no, i don't. do you have any pets?
i am not sure if i could do that with 2 dogs
you too! thanks for the great conversation.
i have not but i would love to sometime.
not really. i prefer playing golf
i am 32. i am a mechanic so i like to race myself
i am a dog walker. i am a big fan of grey.
my dad was a postal worker.
i have a dog too. he is a german shepherd named barnaby
i have a german shepherd and a lab. they are both gray colored.
good. just got done with school and am about to hit the sack
i just finished school and am planning to go to business school
i have a bmw and i am going to go to business school
yep. i am going to go out with some of my best friends from yale next year.
that is cool i graduated a few years ago with my bmw.
okay, you have a good night.
see you soon
you too have a great day
just sitting here with my dogs, they live with me
i like the treadmill, but i am not very tall so it can get hard to keep balance.
no, not really. i like my two dogs
i don't have a lot of time for music, i spend all day at the gym.
i am into hip hop and r b. you?
nice. i am into the gym and rowing machine. i like to run.
nice! i have two dogs. they live with me.
i don't have a job right now, but i used to work as a pianist
i am good, i just finished taking a dance class, how about you?
i was born in the early 80s and i still remember all the moves
i have been dancing since i was little. i have been dancing since i was born in the 80s.
do you like to dance?
i like board games too. i have a lot of friends on the block.
i have never played monopoly. i would rather dance with my friends.
i was not allowed to dance in class until i was 18
good, how are you?
do you like to exercise? i do, i like to run.
do you have any hobbies?
thanks. i am hoping to go to school to be a business owner in the future
i am sorry. my kids are my future. i hope they find happiness soon.
that is amazing. i wish i had more time for my hobbies.
oh, i hope she does too. what kind of music do you like?
i am a bmw owner, so i know what you mean.
i am good, and you?
i call my fish orange. what kind of fancy tea are you drinking?
oh that is really cute. i love fish.
i see! i don't drink. too much soda for me!
i can speak german, english, french and spanish.
i like to fish, what do you fish for?
i love oranges, i eat them a lot.
yes. i am not really a fan of the color black though.
i am doing great. just got done with my daily bubble bath.
i am too, but my dogs keep me company
i have two dogs. i love dogs!
haha. i love to watch television.
i like dogs, i have two of them.
i don't play any instruments.
i am 32. they are the worst. do you have any pets?
yes! they are middle school. do you have any pets?
hi. i am doing ok. how about yourself?
yes it is. i have been reading a book
horror movies are the best.
i love john gresham. do you like to read?
i started a new job 3 months ago, a pa, what about you?
nice! do you have any hobbies?
cool. do they like to watch tv?
i started my new job 3 months ago
hi, sure. i just moved out my parents home, they are always here
i love country music. i am 19, so i am ready to move out.
i do, but i am not a fan. i am 19, want to move out.
i want to move out my parents home
i don't drink or do drugs
true, but i have a part time job at burger king
no i don't like drugs or drink
me too. i am 19 and want to move out my parents house soon.
i like it too but i am more into winter
yes i agree! i am also a very organized person, i keep things organized.
do you have a favorite food?
just a dog for now, i am a school teacher, so i have a lot of dogs!
i have one and love it, i also like to garden
middle school. what about you?
wow. what grade does she teach?
i teach sundays as well. i am a teacher.
that is okay i don't like it either
i love basketball, i want to play professionally.
i love fashion! my mom is a dentist so i dress up in her colors
i am not sure if i could do that. i do like art though
i am currently looking for work. i love to cook. what do you like to cook?
i hope so! what kind of books do you sell?
thanks i hope you have one as well
no problem have fun too
i am mary. how are you?
i am a huge fan of star wars
oh i have never seen that. do you have a favorite team
i am a huge star wars fan.
yes! i love that movie. do you watch much star wars?
that is cool. do you like star wars
do you like star wars?
that would be nice i am into star wars.
i don't know if i could do that. my mom would not approve!
lol, i love red too! i am actually going to run a race tonight.
yes. i was in high school, so i had to stay in shape.
i don't, but i want to be a therapist when i get older.
no i don't own one i am still in high school.
i want to be a therapist when i get older
yes it does, and i have a goal to get as high as a pole dancer
i am good thanks for asking
i like music too. i play softball
trabajo, that is a cool word. what do you do for work?
what do you do for work?
that is awesome! my dad is in the army and spanish is a great language to learn
thanks! he is a good man. what is your job?
thanks. it is ok, i just need a new job
me too, but i am in the insurance business so its tough.
i am good and you?
i am a student, but i am also a full time working mom
that is pretty interesting. do you like it?
it is. but i love it.
no i am a graduate student
i am a graduate student. psychology is my major.
i like shortbread too, especially the ones with extra cheese
yes. i am also a psychology grad student.
i am well thank you. i was just coloring a book for my class.
i am in marketing, i love it!
i am a farm animal lover, so i love animals.
that is cool, i like to watch hockey
no. he was born in argentina, so he speaks english and spanish.
i like pizza. i am not a big fan of meat though.
go yankees! what do you do for a living?
wow! i am a farmer. do you have any hobbies?
hi! no i don't but i would love one
do you have a favorite color?
roscoe the dog was great. i love to watch him.
that sounds like fun! i have to get up early for work.
i bet you would be a lot of fun to hang out with.
that is cool. i have never been there. i will have to check it out
i understand. what do you do for a living?
i bet the ladder is hard to climb, you must be really strong.
my favorite color is purple. how about you?
i am not sure i would want a pet fish.
i like orange. it is the best color
that is good. i am looking for a new watch. do you like them?
well, my dad does not support my career choices.
i am not that smart. i just love to shop and find new styles.
i am a watchmaker, i am currently making money selling my handmade items at antique stores.
no. i am not sure what i want to be when i grow up.
i am good. i have a tennis match tonight.
well my wife does not understand me at all
i would rather walk with my dog, my family is so crazy i don't want to mess up
i don't have any hobbies but my spouse and i enjoy long walks with our dog.
you will be rich! my parents have been doing this for years
yes i would love to hear you sing.
no problem i was just curious
that is a very relaxing hobby.
great! just got in from working at the gas station
do you like clowns? i do.
oh, how old are they? i am still in high school, i am only 19.
i love country music, but i also love rock.
me too! i love working in the gas station
i am more of a garden kind of person
yes, i work in a gas station as a cashier
i am skateboarding right now. what are you up to?
cool! i love star wars as well.
i am a morning person so i am usually up late
that is awesome i like to skateboard
i am not much into football. but i do like skating
i don't like to write, i like to skateboard
maybe. i would have to get a new hat. i always wear a goofy one.
my name is lucy. whats yours?
haha... what else do you do for fun
i am a lady and i am married.
i don't play any video games. i am a woman and my wife is a vegetarian
i am a woman, i listen to music while i run.
i love carrots and peas.
what else do you enjoy
i am a woman, so i have a lot of problems.
hello. i am from california. where are you from?
i am in cali. i have always wanted to visit
that is cool i love listening to church music
yes, i love to go outside and walk my dogs. you?
i love to garden
oh ok. i am a school teacher.
i have a couple of dogs, i love to walk them
i love to garden and take my dogs outside.
hi, i am linda. i am a librarian. what do you do?
i am a librarian so i don't travel too often. do you?
that is great! do you have any other hobbies?
that is awesome! i wish i could retire and travel. i love it.
i hope he does! do you have any kids?
i love the guitar! i am actually a librarian so i travel a lot
i love going to new york city and paris.
wow! i have only ever traveled to europe.
hello jefferson! what do you like to do for fun?
oh, i love to sew, and have a big sewing group with my husband.
that is good. i am glad you have time. i enjoy sports myself.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a vegan
what is your favorite food?
i love blue, my favorite color.
i love to eat vegetarian food.
i am in new york. i don't like sports
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
that sounds like fun. i dance sometimes
i am too young for horses. but i have a love for new kids on the block.
i like new kids, and i love new hip hop. what city are you from?
i don't either but i love hip hop
i want to be an actor
i am a dancer, and you?
hey coach jon i am ray from florida.
i am a star wars fan, and am a big football fan
i love beef, i am not big on meat though. i like veggies.
i am not a fan of burgers myself
i have a lot of hobbies. i play football, do you?
oh no. i am so sorry. do you have any hobbies?
well, i enjoy poetry and football.
hello, sure. i am a redhead, you?
yeah i don't play games with him. i am addicted to my roleplaying games.
i love to play games but i don't have the attention span for it
i bet i would be. i would like that
i don't know. i dyed my hair for fun and i am addicted to roleplaying games.
i play games with my friends. i don't have a job yet.
it pays. but it does take a lot of work, especially when you are a vet
i guess so, i am not a fan of it.
its good, i just had a taco.
i live in alabama. what kind of dog do you have?
i work at a restaurant, but my brother and i are close.
i am trying to get a job at a vet
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
all three of my sisters like them!
i see. you like tacos? i love tacos.
yeah. what do you do for work?
hi, i am larry. i am a chef. what do you do?
hi how are you today?
that sounds like a great time to be on the water
i like those too. i like all superhero movies
that is cool. i like museums.
i am not very busy
i love flowers, especially roses
i am doing good. just got back from a long haul hike
i am a big knit and crochet fan
well, i am a hopeless romantic. and you?
that sounds like a lot of energy! i am scared of dying.
that sounds like fun! i like to knit and knit things too.
what is your favorite color?
two. i have two. do you have any pets?
they are great. i am scared a lot though
i don't know a lot about construction work. i do like to cook though.
i love to travel the world. i have been everywhere for a while
i am trying to save up for a yacht so i can travel the world
i have not. i am not good at it. i am more into cooking.
it was nice. i enjoy the cooking and the food.
it is about 3 million a year.
i have never used bitcoin before.
sounds great. i am sure you will have a lot of fun on your yacht.
i am good and you?
i like to write poetry, and star wars is my favorite.
oh wow. i am sorry to hear that. do you like star wars?
not yet. i am very careful about what i drink.
i used to, but not as much now that the new dorms are open.
oh. that is pretty cool. i like star wars.
i like star wars, and poetry
i love reading. i have a big book collection.
i am in construction and race cars.
i do like tea. i drink it when i can. i am in construction.
i have been gardening a lot lately
i work in a factory
i like mexican food. i am a full time worker, so i don't get to eat much
that is awesome. what kind of books do you sell?
that would be a fun job
hi i am good how about you
a small bar on the weekends.
oh wow. that sounds like fun. i am studying to become a nurse
i bet it feels good when you do it.
i understand. i have a bad habit of putting chicken in everything i cook.
wow. i bet that is a lot of books.
i live in cali, but i am going to be a nurse
i am not a big fan of chicken.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
oh i see. i am still in school
my father played the violin in the same ww2
up in the south. i am a teacher at a local shelter. what do you do?
i don't, but i do enjoy visiting the local shelters, which is something.
that sounds delicious. i love playing my violin
i am going to do that, i also play the violin.
i am sure you could find a way to turn that into a cooking recipe
i like country the most.
spaghetti is good. i like working on cars
sounds like it could be an interesting story line.
oh that is nice... what else do you like
i understand that, i am only 23.
that is pretty unique i have two dogs and they love country.
hello. my name is sarah. how are you?
triplets! i just moved in to my first home.
i have never been! is it really fun?
i am not a big fan. i prefer parks
that sounds great. i just moved to the country to live with my triplets.
i am hoping for a triplet. i am expecting a boy in the upcoming months.
i have a new house so i am excited about the kids. i have three of them already!
i am a grandmother to three lovely grand children.
i am retired now and live a very good life.
i am in my 30s and i have great kids and grandkids
oh, i see. i am sorry. do you have any grand kids?
i can sew clothes for you if you want, i can even sew you some sweaters!
i wish i had a job but i am retired and living the life now
i have a great grand child and grandkids
i hope you do, i have amazing grandchildren and great kids.
hello, how are you today?
thank you. do you have any other interests?
yes, i want to go to medical school after high school
i would like to be a physical therapist when i am older
oh wow!! what position do you play
i am. i have a good body but a terrible head lol
i don't have a snap chat
i don't have time to go the gym, i have to study and get my ged.
hi jefferson i am a night owl
i am only 33
i like to ride my motorbike to go to the mall.
they loved me. they even let me use their motorbike to go to the track.
i like to race my bike.
i have a helmet that is bright red, it protects me from the sun.
yeah i have to be careful.
that is ok. i am not old, but i look older.
i am doing very well. just sat here with my little brother.
high school, i am a senior in high school
i have a kid too, he is in third grade.
i like soccer. i am only a little bit older.
i have never been to a football game, do you like sports?
i am 13, that is why i am worried
yeah i am sure it can, i am only 13 so its a bit of a learning curve.
thank you, its hard, i don't like math, i am only 13
i am good, just eating some fish, my favorite
just finished feeding my fish
i am a little older and prefer action movies myself.
my favorite is orange is my favorite color
not really, but i like music. do you have any pets?
i am a freelance writer
i don't know anything about transcription.
i am pregnant with my first child so i am reading a lot.
i am still in school, just started a new job 3 months ago
yes i do! i don't do it as much as i used to though.
i am pregnant so i have a lot of time to read
a boy! we are thinking of having a boy. how old are you?
i love blue! i am pregnant so i am trying to find a dress for her
i have been watching a lot of documentaries lately about pregnant women.
he is a little disappointed that i am not pregnant. i have a lot going on.
i guess. i don't like people who don't like people like me.
i am not a big fan, but i love helping out at the soup kitchen
i am retired now, but used to be a gym teacher
oh my! i am so sorry to hear that.
i see. i am a retired gym teacher
i am not sure who that is, but i will look him up.
that is the right attitude to have.
no. i was always poor.
hello darlene! i am doing well. i am jessica.
i don't. i don't have time for hobbies. i am working so much.
i am so overweight, my kids don't agree with me that i should be a nurse
i understand. i am so overweight, i don't believe in god.
i am a huge folk metal head.
i don't know how to play anything.
nope, i don't have time for them. my hours at the nursing home are taking up all my time
i am married to my wonderful wife. i spend most of my time with them.
cool! i love dolls, especially the ones with little feet.
oh no! what do you do for a living?
that is amazing. i am only 22. do you like shopping?
that is awesome. do you have kids?
no, i am not married. you?
i am hoping so. i am working at the watch shop right now
yeah. i am hoping to find one eventually. what do you do?
i am doing good, i just finished playing a little violin. how are you?
yes, i can imagine, i speak both mandarin and english
that sounds awful! i am sorry to hear that.
my dad works at an electric company
yes i am a waitress at a local restaurant
i speak a little bit of it. i also do violin.
you should learn it. it will be fun
i love playing the violin, but i don't have much time to play it.
i am great! i have been working all day with my cats. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
just watching birds with my cats.
cats, dogs and birds
do you have any pets?
oh that is great. do you enjoy animals
because i have no kids, so i just hang out and don'thing.
i am too old to be depressed.
i am great! i just got done shopping for my favorite thing, a watch!
i work as a watch dealer.
i love shopping there
i love pizza, i am a big fan of pizza rolls.
i have a car, i want to buy a car!
oh, i love cats. i have a cat too.
i am from nyc. what do you do?
i am well and you
oh okay, well i am a teacher at a local homeless shelter
i am a piano teacher at the homeless shelter.
i am sure it is! i teach piano, and play many instruments.
i am 30, how about you?
oh, wow. i teach piano, so i don't have a lot of spare time.
i am a music teacher at a local high school
i love watching hockey
that is great, i love folk music too.
i love music, but don't play much, i live in a rural area.
i have a dog, he is a german shepherd
i live in a rural area, my parents don't really care
that sounds like fun, do you have a band
that is good i hope i can get a job in the future
i love hockey, i am a goalie, do you have a favorite sport?
i am sorry. i am sure your customers are very understanding
i am a retired veteran and we get lots of retired gamblers here.
i bet she was pretty. what do you do for fun?
i bet that is a lot of work
yeah, but not country. more pop.
i like country music. what do you like to do for fun?
what do you do for a living?
i am great, just finished coaching my kids.
i have 5 boys and 5 girls. i love kids.
it really is. my kids enjoy it too. do you have any hobbies?
i am a little health nut, and love wine in my beers
i like grapes, i also love wine
i have a mini van.
no, i don't listen to much rock.
i like them too. they have a nice sound.
my day is going great! i am going to europe this year. you?
me too. do you like fish? i have a weakness for fish.
i study as a major in art, i go to a few european countries
i bet! i am majoring in art, so i am studying for nursing.
it really is. i like to eat paella
i bet! what are you unpacking?
i have been to europe once, i love to cook paella.
i am great. i am four, how about you?
i don't like it. too sweet for my taste.
i see. you should go for a walk. i do when i am not playing with my dog.
i want to be a dog... but not a lab
i have four. they are a handful at times.
they sure are! i am 4 and they love to be pet
maybe a chocolate cake that makes you grow up super huge.
i like that! what kind of music?
hello, i am great! how are you?
i love sports. i don't watch much of it but i do drink wine and dance.
i am not smart enough for the bus, but i can do it.
i have no idea what i am going to do when i finish. i will just drink wine all day.
yes everything was done by hand, except for the glasses
i bet. i have to be careful because my muscles are huge.
the rise of the machines, i would assume.
yes. i am a very strong person.
hello, i am doing great. how about you?
i am not really into running, but i love fishing.
it is. i am not a big fan of cooking though.
that is great. i am a fisherman.
i love salmon, and i love to cook it!
i love to cook, but love reading too.
i like to fish but not as much as cooking
hello, i am doing well, just got home from work. how are you?
congratulations! what are your plans for the birth?
triplets! my step kids are my triplets
i have two step children, they are great
congratulations! i have two step kids. they are the best.
no. i am vegan.
yes it is. my triplets will be happy to have a place to live.
that is nice. i just moved into my own place. i am a teacher.
i am doing well. how about you?
that is great, what do you do for work?
i have never had a chance to ride them. too busy with my gaming addiction.
it was boring and i did not get to work. i want to work for myself now.
i love classical. how about you?
that is awesome. i love music.
i like to role play
i love it there. my favorite place is home
i am doing well, and you?
what do you do for work?
i have a wife, 2 kids.
i am thinking of having two kids one girl and one boy
yes it would. do you have any hobbies?
wow that is impressive. do you have any kids
i have kids so that is why i am a house owner.
oh, i see. do you have kids?
that is very interesting, i am a insurance salesman.
i love the lord. i just got a new job.
thanks. i just got a new job so it was not too bad
i am retired and now i work in the insurance business.
that is cool, my dad was in the army, so i have always wanted to dance
i am still young, i just got fired. i am not happy
it can but i do it to keep my mind right.
i agree, but i have to find a new job, which is hard with the insurance business.
good, how are you?
i have never seen that show.
i am not a good swimmer. i can barely get on the roller coaster
i am a vegan and have never been vertigo.
that is cool. i am more into cooking shows.
that is cool. i am a vegan and love eating meat.
that was a good show! do you like to swim? i don't
yes, it does seem that way. what do you like to do for fun?
great. just drinking my fifth glass of wine. i have five boys.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
you should get a used car. mine was about 800.
i don't like my nephews, i like wine instead.
i have 5 sons. i am the youngest
anything that will make you feel relaxed and cool.
i love to go to the creek and drink some wine
i am good, just cooking some food.
what kind of dogs do you have
i am single but looking. i love food
i am going to try some new food soon. i love to cook, but i am not very good.
that is awesome, where have you been to?
i love dogs! i have two. do you have any?
aw that is nice i travel a lot for work so maybe i will meet someone like you soon.
i would love to travel the world and cook new dishes.
hi i am great how are you?
i like country music. do you have a favorite color?
i like taking the bus too. i prefer taking the bus to school though.
i hate math as well...
you can always look down on yourself.
oh i love soccer. i am not very good though. i am a little clumsy.
friends are the best. i met taylor swift at a friends concert.
not really i don't mind
that is cool. i have a farm, but my hubby is adopted
i am not sure what you mean. do you mean you like hockey?
my husband and i love bacon, we also love nhl.
my adopted husband plays hockey! he is in the nhl.
i bet. i am in a rural area, so i don't have many friends.
that is wonderful of you!
me too. i am going to paint it.
thanks, me too. what is your favorite food?
i like crystal too, especially when i drink tea
no, i am not blind. i have contacts.
blonde, i love roses.
i like to drink but i don't drink much
i have never done it but i have a huge library at home
i am the curator at the local museum, i have a huge collection of books.
i have read angel investor. i also grow roses in my garden.
being partially deaf, i cannot laugh. i cannot even type.
hi, i am from california. how about you?
i love the city and the food
i volunteer at a local shelter and love to explore new areas
i teach piano, i have played for years. what do you do?
ohio is a great city, i love the water.
i love cats! i have a cat too. he is a violin.
i am an old soul. i love music
pizza is good, i like to play the piano and play the violin.
hello! i do! i love watching sports, do you?
i teach at a school as a elementary teacher, i enjoy it.
that is great! i love teaching in elementary school
i am in elementary school. my boyfriend and i are moving to an apartment in the next few weeks.
i am in california as well
not really. i am a poor student.
i am a female, but i am moving in with my boyfriend
i am doing well. i live in a farm. i love animals.
i am a rural farmer, so i don't need to.
social media is great. i am a bit of a nerd.
i am in the south. farming is what i like to do
i don't really watch much. i just like to paint
i watch. my husband plays in the nhl. you?
i like to paint. i am not great at it but i do try.
i love twitter! my husband and i like to use it.
hi! how are you today? i am just hanging out in the cloud
no, i am a grown woman. and yellow is mine.
no, not really, do you? i like making time stop.
that is great. i have a medal too, but i am a little girl.
i don't, do you?
i try to be, but i am a little light. i am a little girl.
i can fly, but not very far. i need to fly!
that is good, i am doing well. what do you do?
that is cool. what do you do for fun?
i volunteer at a local shelter
that sounds comfortable. i am more of a wrestler
yes they are very comfortable. i don't have time for them.
i am a pro wrestler, so i am in shape.
what kind of music do you listen to?
thank you so much! what do you do for fun?
hi there, i am in alabama, hows your day so far?
hi there, tracy. i have 3 sisters.
oh, that is nice. i live in alabama and i am surrounded by alabamians.
that is awesome! i am in alabama, where are you?
that is a cute name. i love dogs
that is cool, i have a dog and a few cats
my brother is earl. do you have any pets?
hi joan, i am ray from florida, i am a teacher.
i am not clumsy i am very crafty
that is great! i work in an office.
that is great, i am a big church person
yes, i am building a robot that will be able to stream.
yes, i also love walking. what about you?
i am actually allergic to water. what do you like to do?
hello, i just moved to new york from germany
i do, i am currently studying german. what about you?
i am in school right now to be a nurse
i don't have time for that, i am in school.
wow, i never learned how. do you like it?
i have never been to germany, is it that great?
well you should learn to swim, that is a good skill to have
what are some of your hobbies?
i am well, how are you?
my husband has a lot of problems, but he is still my best friend
no. i don't want to lose my family
no, but i have two children who like to run.
i eat healthy, i used to eat meat but my children have grown
i agree, my health has declined as well
i do, but i am getting old. i am 56 now.
i was a painter but i am now a home keeper.
hi jefferson. i am a teacher at a school
he does like it, but i am not sure about him liking the prequels more
i like to take photos of things.
cool! i am taking a class on photography.
i loved it, it was my first job teaching.
no, just taking photos for fun.
it sure does! i teach in an elementary school
what do you do?
i am great, thanks! and you?
that is awesome, do you have any hobbies
i have blonde hair and brown eyes, what about you?
i am going to school for nursing. i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
that is great. i am studying to become a nurse
i like to eat, but i don't like to cook
ok. bye
do you like to drink?
i am well. i have been busy with my studies.
i am sorry. what do you do for fun?
no thanks, i am too young for that.
i can tell you are a girl lol
that is awesome! i would love to be a professional athlete.
that sounds yummy. what do you do for fun?
i hope so, i want to be a doctor one day
i am only 19, how about you?
hi! i am good thanks for asking!
i don't have a mom. my mom is a crazy woman.
do you like the frozen movie?
that is so cool. i don't have any siblings
i am the 3rd grader in my class.
i like soccer too! i sing in the school chorus.
i do! we sing songs from the movie!
i have not told you yet. but i am in the 3rd grade.
hi, no. do you?
that sounds fun. i am not very good at any of those.
mostly fiction, but i enjoy travel too!
yes i have been twice, i love the food.
yes, i am fluent in spanish
french, how about you
i have traveled to spain a few times.
i have never heard that before
i am doing great! how are you?
yeah i know. i am blonde. i am almost done with my hair
i am sorry i guess. i am blonde and my favorite thing to wear is a ruffle skirt.
that is sad. i like to play video games. what do you like?
that is cool, do you have any hobbies
cool! i am more of a dog person myself.
my favorite shirt is a band shirt, so i don't have to buy one.
i am good and you?
i like all kinds of music. i like to listen to country music while mountain biking.
that is cool. i am more of a mountain biking guy.
i don't like cars. i like to mountain bike.
that is terrible. i am glad i don't drink alcohol.
yes it is but it is so worth it.
i am sorry to hear that, my dad was a construction worker, so he drank a lot.
hey there, how are you?
hello! how are you?
it is a game, i have been playing it for a while.
i am thinking about making it a robot that plays starcraft.
i am a recluse so no.
oh nice!! i love country music!
i did not. i am working on a robot for the body double.
it does not. i am a robot. i want to be like a starcraft character
oh, that sounds like a fun job! i don't work yet, i still am in school.
wow! i have a lot of ex military family in my unit.
cool. what branch?
i did not go to hs. i am enlisted in the army.
i have not done that yet. do you like food?
that is so sad. i hope they can find a loving home.
oh my gosh that is awful!
i like blue, but my favorite is shawarma.
i am well, how about you?
i am from new york. how about you?
i have been looking for work lately. i am looking for a new job.
that sounds like a lot of fun.
what are you up to this weekend? i have a daughter, a kid, and a career
i see, i am a dr. what do you do for a living?
she is a prodigy and is in the top 100 of american children
i have never heard of that. i will look it up.
i am more into music.
nice, i am looking for a job at a restaurant.
i am sorry to hear that, but you are not alone. my older sister is bored too.
i am not sure i follow. i am looking for work right now.
i play basketball. what do you do for a living?
what was it called? i am not familiar
i love going out to eat.
i am, thank you. i am a female and i am an avid sports fan
i like the packers. you?
i am a man. he loves american football
i have two dogs as well
i have a couple of cats. birds too. i love cats and dogs.
oh. i have a couple dogs. do you have pets?
canada. my house is in florida, but i have a few other homes too.
that is too bad, i enjoy visiting my house. do you like to travel?
i am doing well. studying for my test as well.
i would love to see it. i am a coffee drinker myself
trabajo is cool. what is your favorite color?
my father was a construction worker and i learned to cook from him.
hopefully french literature! i love reading. do you have a hobby?
i am addicted to coffee
i agree. i love coffee. i don't drink alcohol either.
not really, i am more of a mountain biker.
good. just got done eating a huge burger and fries. you?
what happened to you? i don't drink soda.
i understand that. i have a boyfriend.
that is awful! i am sorry to hear that
do you have any hobbies?
that does not sound healthy. i don't drink soda.
that sounds like a lot of fun
do you have a boyfriend? i do
i am doing good, i am just hanging out reading a good book.
i love cheese burgers! i am a big reader.
yes it is very helpful.
that is cool. i love reading, so i don't get enough of that
i have always been interested in history. i have been learning about the role of the family in the 18th century.
that is sad, i bet they were good dogs
i am sure you will. i am a survivor. i have been all through life.
that is awesome, i hope i am too when i retire.
i am doing great how about yourself?
its a lot of fun. i also like gardening
i don't have the skills for it.
no i was not a big fan of clowns
i love all animals. i don't have a particular animal.
i have, but i am terrified of them. i am afraid of clowns
that is awesome, i just got a job at the gas station.
i don't like to eat cake. i get too messy
well, i am retired and i just mow my yard. you?
mainly working on it.
i love candy, but gambling is my favorite past time.
you will not. i am retired.
that is good, do you have any kids?
i don't, but i like mowing my lawn. do you have hobbies?
i am partial to grilling, myself.
hi how are you doing today?
i have been reading since i was three.
that is cool. i have never been. i would like to go someday.
wow, how old is your dad?
i am sure you are. what is your baby doing now?
i am sorry. i am a stunt double in movies. i am pretty famous for it.
that is a good one too. i am a little obsessed with it.
that is good. do you like it?
hi i am doing well. i am listening to rock music. you?
i am listening to rock music, i like it.
i do. 3 of them. what do you like to do for fun?
that is great. do you have any hobbies?
i have 3, i am sure you will have lots of kids one day.
congratulations! i hope it all works out for you.
oh okay. do you like rock music?
oh. i don't know much about her.
hi how are you this morning?
that is interesting, how did you meet your spouse?
i am glad. i am sure they enjoy it. what do you do?
i am so sorry. i hope you find peace.
i love my dogs, they live with me and i love my dogs
what kind of things do you like doing?
i am retired. i just run and rower on the treadmill.
i agree. i am not working out anymore. my dogs keep me pretty active.
i am good. i like to eat chicken. you?
i don't eat sushi. my hair is blond and blue and i don't like it.
i like the red hot chili peppers. i like the color red.
i am from cali. what part of ohio?
no pets, but i am studying to become a nurse.
i like it because i can pay my bills at night.
i am sure it will be a good career
i am just walking my dog and you
what do you do for work?
do you have any children?
i was good. my wife and i have been married for 20 years.
no, but i play tennis a lot. do you have any pets?
my family is very wealthy. they help me with my daily walks with my dog.
well, i love to take walks with my dog, and i love to play tennis.
she does. she also helps me pay for my long walks with my dog.
hi i am sam i work in insurance
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i work in insurance
i love dogs! i have one.
oh i love grey, it reminds me of the sky
oh. my dad was in the military, i got him when i was young.
i don't have any either. just a wife and two sons
i just got a new job and i have a lot more free time.
i have been in the air force for 20 years now.
i am good. how about yourself?
what do you do for a living?
i am a professional tennis player.
i do too, but my family has been growing it for years
i would say sven van den Haag, but other than that, i like everyone
yeah i know what you mean. i just got back from tennis. i am a professional tennis player.
i am a tennis player. it takes a lot of my time as well.
hi, i am doing well. just listening to some classical music. how about you?
do you like to travel?
i like to listen to classical music
i like classical music, what kind of music do you like?
that is true. i spend my money on a lot of things.
i am a pretty high maintenance person. my sister is a dancer.
no, i have not, but i love her
oh yeah? well my sister is a pole dancer and loves it
okay, see you later.
i do like sports. i play basket ball in my free time.
i have three, and my father taught me everything he knew about cats.
my father taught me everything he knows. i am a builder now.
i am into construction. my dad taught me everything he knew.
my cats are very protective of me, i love them.
that is cool, i am building a house with my two cats
that is great. my cats are my kids
that is true. my cats are a big help in that department too
hello! i am sorry to hear that!
i am a real estate agent.
he is pretty good. do you like sports?
i like to skateboard, my friends and i are the best
yes it is. do you like to skateboard
i am going to cook a lot this weekend.
that is awesome. my friend rob has a band. i like them.
cool. i am rob.
no. rob is my real name. i just go by rob.
oh no! i am good, i just finished rock climbing.
yes i have 2 boys and 2 girls
trooper is a lab mix, he is awesome
yes he is. he is very active. i also have a lab.
i have not yet. i live in colorado, so no treats here.
i love the color blue. i am a mechanical engineer, so blue is my favorite.
i would too! my lab would love it
i am well, just got home from my job
i am a salesman, what do you do?
i am a car salesman.
that is nice. i am a salesman of car parts, but i would like to get divorced.
i am sorry. what do you do?
rock and roll. i am not a fan of my job though.
i don't like my job, it is a salesman. what do you like?
i like all kinds of music, what do you do for a living?
hello! the hospital i work at is a nursing home so i am always online.
my wife left me and took my children with her. i miss them.
that is cool. i am not religious at all.
i am too busy with my facebook friends, my wife left and my kids took over.
i don't believe in god.
i am sorry to hear that
no, i spend my time on facebook.
he is not bad, but i am more into music
i am good, i just got off work from burger king.
i love britney spears! i love to have fun.
that is fun! i am not a big fan of tanning beds. i am more into fun things like drugs.
i agree. i have to have them around
i just want to have fun with my friends, i have a lot of them
i don't drink or do drugs, just like to have fun with my friends
lol!!! i have a part time job at burger king, so i am always late.
do you have a job?
hello. sure i would love to.
i am in my 30s
yes, i am in a holding cell.
that is great i am glad you did.
that is good. i shop at the dollar tree all the time.
yes it is, i am in a store that sells clothes for a store.
maybe. i am here to shop, not study.
i am hoping so. i am getting a lot of grief for stealing from a friend.
oh my goodness! that is awful. how old are you?
i am sorry, what are your medications for?
you have to be careful, you cannot see past 200 feet.
that is too bad. i have a lot of health problems
i was raised by my mom and dad, and have since then.
i was raised in a trailer park, so i know a bit about cities
i am a stunt double. what do you do?
i am sorry you don't believe that.
i am great. how are you?
i am a buddhist, and i live in alaska.
nice! i am from alaska.
i have not heard of that before. what do you do for meditation?
i am a buddhist so i don't believe
i am good. i just need a day off. i am a buddhist.
it is ok, i have not spoken to him in 3 months. i am very unsettled.
i don't eat meat.
i am good thanks. i am watching a documentary about war.
i don't. i am a retired old woman
what is your favorite food?
i like documentaries, mostly on wars. what do you do?
that sounds very helpful!
i am a retired teacher, so it is not bad.
nice chatting with you too
hello, i am great. how are you?
i love watching birds. do you work?
thanksgiving is mine. i love the holiday.
they are all from the us
yes, especially when i have time with my family
you are a free spirit. that is cool. i walk three miles everyday to relax
i deliver babies in the hospital
not really. i like watching the nats
that is so cool i am a famous streamer
i am a famous youtuber
that would be great! my daughter and i love starcraft.
i would love that! i am a famous streamer so i will need to find a place to live first.
i don't eat out. i am allergic to seafood.
yes, i love them, but don't know why.
yes, i am. are you a starcraft fan?
i like popcorn! my husband and i like to watch it on sunday evenings.
it is a type of music.
i am 20 years of age. i love being pregnant
i like to watch movies on tv
my fav is a newton.
i want to be a writer. what is your favorite book?
i love to watch the moon. my husband and i enjoy watching it together
i want to be a baby
hi! i am good. i have just been riding my horse. you?
oh, i see. what do you do at work?
i have a friend who was in clown school, it was scary.
i am a vegan so i am not familiar with the animal kingdom.
i am not a fan of hands on work.
yes i did. i am a vegan
oh no! how do you overcome that?
i am a girl. i have curly brown hair
good. just finished a delicious chocolate chip cookie.
i love to knit. i am a sucker for knitted clothing.
i love baking cookies! i have made over 90 thousand so far this year!
i have a dog and a cat, but they are so small
i like to bake. do you have a hobby?
i like to bake cookies. i like to make cookies too.
i am a baker, i make all kinds of cookies.
maybe. i don't know. i just really enjoy baking.
i am good. i am from the country.
i grew up on the farm in virginia.
that is great. what do you like to do in your spare time?
oh that sounds awful.
i have not. i mostly use my guitar and play the guitar
no, but i do enjoy collecting stamps.
i like spending money on my guitar
no, but i do have a vintage one that i play at the park.
i am doing great. i just got off work.
just a few months. it is my favorite job! what do you do?
i listen to the who.
i like to listen to music, i have no favorite band though. you?
i don't know, i don't listen to music
i just love the city. i have never left
i have never been to the west coast
i am a vegan, i don't know what you mean
i am doing well! i just got done with my nightly cooking.
i don't cook either but i love cooking.
no i don't i am a chef
sounds like a lot of fun! i like to cook, but fish and bake are my favorites.
no i don't. i am more into fishing and cooking
i try to. i am a chef too. what is your favorite food?
cool. i am a big fan of cooking but love fishing too.
hi rob. i am good. just finished studying spanish.
i am studying to be a spanish teacher. do you have a favorite word?
that is great. do you speak spanish?
i like to learn languages.
i don't really like kayaking. i do like to study languages though
what do you do for work?
cool! i am hoping to learn french one day.
it is okay. i am studying french, so i hope that it will help me learn other languages.
i am good. i am just finishing up a job for my dads company.
it was about a boy in high school who is a monster. it was so sad.
i know! i love them. i wish they make a dracula remake.
oh wow, that sounds interesting. i love horror movies
my dad was a home depot worker. he hated those things.
oh no, i am sorry to hear that.
i don't. i am more of a cat person.
nice meeting you. i hope everything went well.
hey, i am good. just got back from painting a house.
painting, i used to be a painter
i like painting and drawing.
i have 2 grown children that i love.
i work for a real estate firm
i have two grown children who never visit
i am a housekeeper at the moment, so i eat those too!
i love riding horses, do you?
i am sure he would be happy to help you. what do you do?
oh that is so nice of you. do you have any hobbies?
that would be amazing, thanks!
i have brown hair but i dyed it purple
i would love to! what kind of decorating do you do?
i love the color red. i have a red room too.
that is nice. i graduated high school a few years ago.
i am good. i am mia, how are you
oh. i attend church weekly.
that is awesome. do you have any pets?
that is awesome. my dog helps me stay in shape too!
video games are fun. i love dogs, do you have one?
i also attend weekly church. do you?
i like smoothies, but my dogs hate them
i love dogs. i have a few myself.
i am doing very well. how are you?
yeah, i am a big fan. i am a very healthy person, and i like to keep healthy
it was. i am glad i got to help some one day. you are so nice.
that is cool i cook for my kids
it is, but i also enjoy it
i work at a cancer charity. i am a cancer survivor, so i promote
cancer, and i am a very healthy eater.
yeah, i am also trying to be a cancer survivor.
i am great! i am pregnant!
i am pregnant so i have been reading a lot
i love country music!! what is your favorite type of music?
i love country music. it is such a great soundtrack.
i have never been much of a history buff
i wish i had time for fun. i work a lot.
what is your favorite car?
do you have any children?
hi larry. i am mia. i am from hawaii
i like to go to the farmers market and eat fresh honey.
yes! i love fishing. i have a few lakes around here that i go to.
my family is not very close, i don't even know mine.
i don't really read much anymore
i don't have much of a connection with my family
i love comics! what is your fave?
no i am not very close to anyone in my family.
i am well, how are you?
cool, what branch?
that is so cool! my father was in the us navy.
i am not sure. my name is larry.
i like to cook! what do you like to do?
i am not a good cook but i like to cook!
i am sorry. i have a lot going on right now.
i am doing great how are you
i am just browsing the internet
what is your favorite band?
i have a lot of friends. i am a feminist.
i love social media, whats your major?
i have a solar panel on my roof that helps me see better.
i have spent a lot of time on social media recently.
that is cool i spend alot of time on the internet i love social media
yes. i am well. how about yourself?
i am doing good. how are you?
i don't know about that, but i would say so.
yes i do. i swim at the local pool.
i do. i enjoy swimming.
thanks. my mother is traditional. i prefer being free spirited.
my family is from there and my mother is very traditional. i am very free spirited.
i am a health nut. i don't like the spotlight.
i am watching some cooking shows.
i just moved here from the united states, germany.
i have been here before and loved it. i just moved here from germany.
i don't like meat. i am a vegetarian.
i don't think i have ever done that
you too! nice meeting you
i have only been to one place. i am a vegan
you too! i just moved here from germany. what do you do for a living?
good and you
not really, i like all music.
i have never been to a rock concert. i am more into free spirited types.
i am a computer programmer, but my parents are from india.
oh wow that is awesome, i am studying to be a computer programmer.
that is good. i am studying to be a programmer.
i am a single mom with two kids.
i am more free spirited than traditional
hey i hope to move out my parents house by the end of the month.
i want to have fun with friends
i am 19 and i still live with my parents
i think its because they think i am lazy and poor
i just wanna have fun with my friends. i don't drink or do drugs.
i bet you were. what do you do?
that is really cool. do you have any other hobbies
i am 19 and i am hoping to move out my parents live with me
hi how are you? what do you like to do for fun?
yeah i did! i was just in washington for college
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a family?
yes they are. i am looking for a job
i have heard that before. i have a bad tooth so it might be hard
no, i have to wait for my mom to see if she can get one.
she has a bad habit of chewing gum in my opinion
oh my god. my mothers a dentist.
hello, i am doing great. just got back from a roller coaster ride
what do you do for work?
that is awesome. i have been here from germany and have been loving it.
i love it here. i just moved here from germany.
i am not a good swimmer but i love to rollercoaster.
oh, i see. well i love meat.
i love the outdoors, i swim in germany, and love sky diving!
i am a stay at home mom, i love being with my husband and kids
hello, i am good. how are you?
oh, that is not good. i am studying spanish, it is my favorite
what do you do in your spare time? i am studying spanish.
that is cool. i am studying spanish. i want to be a music teacher.
i am a musician. what do you do?
trabajo is a slang word meaning to eat, i translate spanish for musicians.
i am a musician, so i write songs about spanish food.
i am good, i have two cats, they are the reason i have a hat collection.
i am 30. i like to keep busy, so it is nice to meet you!
yes, i have a dog named maddie.
that is awesome. i have a few cats myself.
i have over 1000 hats and i love to collect them!
i have a weakness for vanilla flavor things. what about you?
i am a scientist and i am also an olympa
i am obsessed with my hats!
i am, how are you?
it is pretty nice. i am just a farmer.
not much, but i do a lot of gardening. i love the flowers.
that is cool. i don't have any. do you like it?
i am from the united states. how about you?
nice to meet you. i am george and i am a farmer. what do you do?
i am in a band and i am a model
hi amy! i love dogs and cats.
i am a volunteer firefighter
nah not really, i have a dog and cat.
you should take up ballet. it is a lot of fun
i am a party animal so i love god.
do you have any pets
i think that is a great thing, you should tell people.
i have a couple of plans but they will probably be ignored
i am good. how are you?
i have a wife and kids so i would say yes.
you can live forever, my wife is the best plumber in the world.
i am a plumber. what do you do?
my kids are the best, i love them so much!!
that sounds like a plan. i will try to do that. what else do you enjoy?
that is great! i am a plumber and i love my family.
i try. i am also a plumber and have three kids.
i have not been there yet but plan to visit someday.
i like to read, and i love movies.
i love documentaries, especially about paranormal stuff.
that is okay. i am pregnant. i don't like it either.
do you have any hobbies?
we don't. do you?
me too! my husband and i just started a new job in pa.
it is a book store. i love reading!
hi. i am well. how are you?
congratulations! i just started my new job as a life coach
thank you, i try to be. cancer is horrible.
wow that is a lot of money
oh, that is not good. you should watch what you eat.
i am a big sports fan and i have been a cancer survivor.
sounds fun. do you play often?
pretty good. how about you?
i am a truck mechanic, what do you do?
i work in the medical field
no but i do like tacos. you?
i don't have time for a motorcycle, three sisters take up most of my time.
i have a brother, we are very close. do you have a favorite food?
oh wow! that must have been an exciting game.
i am doing good, and you?
i love football and basketball.
i work at star wars bar in new york
i don't drink coffee, but i do enjoy star wars.
i like star wars. poetry is a little different but i like it
i am a huge fan. i am a college student
what is your favorite star wars character?
it is! do you have any other hobbies besides star wars?
i am doing well. how is yours?
sorry to hear. do you drive often?
i am sorry to hear that. i am a manager at the convenience store.
yes. she is in therapy.
that is a lot of boys. do you have any hobbies?
i will. i am a cashier at a gas station.
pretty good, i like country music
thanks. i am a little crazy. but i am perfect!
thank you. i am beautiful too but people think i am too much of a bitch.
i am a manager at a grocery store. i am not comparing myself to anyone
hello, yes i do, do you like taylor swift?
a honda civic. i love it.
nice! do you like to dance?
that is great, i am only 100 years old, i feel like i am getting old already
oh i am in the midwest
i dance to country music, but i am a strong old lady.
that is very true. do you have a favorite tv show?
yes. i drink wine every night and have a great memory for it
i am doing well! what about you?
not really, just something new to try
my favorite was the light from my lite brite.
i was born in the early 80s
i was born in the 80s and i still drink
i am not much of an outgoing person but i like to dance. do you dance?
rock is nice i like hip hop
i am great, i dance a lot
i am not sure if i want to apply. i am not a good cook.
dance with the stars, it is very popular in the us
i do, i have a sister and a niece and nephew
i am so sorry. i am so glad i escaped when i was young.
yes, i have a lot of fun dancing with him
i work at a restaurant. i am a dance instructor.
yes i do. i am from somaliland but i am from the united states now.
hi! i love spending money on cars, and watching too much tv!
i would consider it gambling if i won, but i am pretty sure it does not.
that is awesome! what do you do for a living?
i am in california, what about you?
i have a gym at home and a home for cars.
i am more of a pizza guy
that is cool. i go to the gym to socialize and watch too much tv.
what else do you enjoy? i love going to the gym.
i am good! how are you?
i love it. i sing country music. what is your new job?
that is awesome. i sing country songs for my kids.
me too, i grew up in the industry so it is what i do.
i am a country singer. i have a band that plays in the country.
i love going to national parks and singing country songs.
i like to sing. i grew up in the industry, and i have a lot of friends.
i do! especially on xbox. how about you?
wow, that is awesome. i love game of thrones.
i am a gold medalist in gymnastics. i am also very good at swimming.
i like it but i am not sure if i can wear it in a swimming pool
i am sure it is. you like music? i love italian food and garlic bread.
wow.. i am a gymnast. i love twister!!
i am a gymnast, i work four hours every day. do you have any hobbies?
people are people. i am in gymnastics.
congratulations! i was raised in a single parent household.
i am too. i am trying to become a double. i do stunts sometimes
it is a type of bread, it is a very good option for a snack.
it really is, i love to take pictures and do stunts for people to share online
for years, i love it. do you like it?
my parents are very strict about their kids, but i don't have any problems with them
i don't know. i am not a religious person. i would not know.
it can be but it is a lot of work.
well, i do like singing songs from the movie frozen, so i guess well.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
that is a lot of kids!
do you like movies? i love frozen!
the animals. i love their personalities. how about you?
they are. i also like to go to disney world
that is a great movie. i have been wanting to see it again.
not really. i like being a house keeper, but now i do house work too.
that is great, i love to fantasize about taking over the world
yes, i like it. do you have kids?
i like to think that i have the world in my hands, but i have not found it yet
no. i don't think my children would like the idea.
i have not but i would love to. what do you do for fun?
the food, it is so good. and the wine.
great, listening to some classical music.
i like cows. i have a lot of them in my farm in central california
oh, i like horror movies too! do you have a car?
i am a teacher, so i don't have time for kids. i love to listen to classical music.
i am sure he will. i hope i can find a good church to join.
i am pretty handy, but i am not very good at it. do you have any hobbies?
that is great. what else do you like?
that is awesome. i love music.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
that is cool! do you have a favorite color? i love navy blue
they don't usually bite but they can if they get tickled.
that sounds like a lot of fun!
i love chinese food. it is my favorite.
i love to eat chocolate.
i was but i was too busy volunteering at a local shelter
i have a chocolate addiction... i have to feed the beast
i am doing well and you?
what are you reading? i am working at the gas station.
i like to grow flowers
oh, i see. do you like your job?
about a year, i was adopted at a very young age, and my dad does not like clowns.
he is my only friend. i love him to pieces.
my parents were adopted at a very young age and they are both in their fifties
i am sure it would be.
i like to listen to it while i pole dance. what do you do?
i like to listen to it while i go dancing. it calms me.
she does, and i love her for it.
i bet. do you like it?
my sister is a dancer, she is my passion
wow, that is crazy. do you have a family?
i am sorry. do you like to go to church?
i am not into that stuff myself.
i am a pretty tall woman, how about you?
oh, i thought it was a guy for some reason.
i like the color blue and also the color red
maybe. i practice buddhism so it may be related.
oh wow. that is impressive. i am a buddhist so i can handle anything.
very peaceful and quiet.
i work as a buddhist, and live there.
i don't earn much but i spend it wisely. i live in a rural area so i can do that.
yes, i have my own place.
i do have time for that, but i am always looking for a new adventure.
oh that is so great! i have a lot of hats
i bet it is. i bet i have a weakness for it
i have a weakness for it. i have a lot of it
yeah, i have to keep my hats neat and organized.
i won the medal for it. my weakness i guess
i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream. do you have one?
hi, no, i am not interested in adopting anything.
i am glad you are still in the military. what do you do for a living?
i love to take pictures. i am a teacher.
i take pictures of everything. i take pictures of my apartment, moving, and my new place.
that sounds really cute! i would love to photograph one
yes, it is. we are moving together next week. i teach third grade.
thank you! i teach spanish and spanish art classes in the south.
i would love to! i am taking a photo of my new apartment.
i am good. i am just relaxing on my yacht.
i don't think heights are scary, i am a cook and i am not good at it
yes it would. i would love to take my family on vacations.
i like to cook. i am not very good. i am trying new stuff.
you should! i love it.
i am in new york. i am not very good at cooking.
where have you been all over?
i am sure they would. you would not be homeless.
i am doing good! how are you doing?
that is awesome. i love helping people, especially those in need!
i love the cold. do you work?
it is just my cats name. she is a black and white kitten.
oh, i love the violin! i am an out of this world shopper.
that is awesome. what is your team?
yes, i do. do you have any pets?
i like it with black olives
i have a blue one, but i also have a red one!
sounds dangerous. i don't ride much.
i am a graduate student studying survival skills, you?
i am currently a graduate student, so i study different aspects of survival.
yes it is, but it can be dangerous
the outdoors, it is my favorite time of year
i like to cook for people.
do you have any hobbies?
i am good. how are you?
what do you like to do for fun?
i play pool a lot
that is fun! i love playing with my chinese kids.
i love the current, it is calming.
my father was an electrician.
i am sorry. my father is a mechanic, so i know how to fix things.
no, i just picked up the language from my dad.
hi. i love socializing and spending money on cars
i have never hiked in the winter. i spend my money on cars.
sounds like a good guy. my partner and i go to the gym together.
i work from home, i socialize with my coworkers
a toyota camry. i like it a lot.
i love isuzu, they are my favorite.
i am into the gym and socializing. i don't like watching tv.
i have never rowing before
sure, do you live in the usa?
oh, nice! i have a mustang.
i have two dogs, they are like cats to me.
that is a nice name. what do you do for a living?
do you like country music?
i am not sure what you mean. are you a country music fan?
oh... i have 2 dogs. they are pigs
i know. i am going to get rid of them soon.
hi. i own a house in florida. how about you?
no i don't have much time for music. i have kids and dogs
i am from florida and i have a house there
oh wow, i have been here for 15 years now and i am only getting started!
not really. i am a housewife and a mother of three. you?
yeah. i also have dogs. i love them.
i love death metal. what kind of music do you like?
no, have not. i would like to go. i have family in india.
hi! i am anna and i am in my early fifties. how old are you?
i am a librarian from argentina, i love it here, you will love it here
that is awesome, i am a librarian, so i travel a lot
i do, i like rock, country, jazz
i am sure you will! she is a legend!
wow. you are very lucky. i hope i retire soon.
i am in california and i travel a lot.
i do! i grew up on a farm, and we had a lot of movies.
i love the conjuring and the conjuring 2
do you have any hobbies?
i have a big family that have all been horses.
next year. my dad raised horses for a long time.
that is awesome. i am sure he will. i grew up on a horse farm.
he is in a better place now. i hope he finds a loving home
you as well. have a great night.
hi, i am a culinary major, what do you do?
oh wow! i love europe. it is so beautiful.
no i am an artist and cook a lot
i am a bit of a fish and chips nut, so i eat salads a lot.
i am a big fish lover, especially fish and chips
i am a history major, what do you do for work?
oh, i love shopping in europe. it is the best for my craving for paella.
i am fine thank you, how are you?
shoplift and steal candy.
oh, cool. what do you teach?
i shop at the dollar tree. i shop for clothes.
not have to shop at all
maybe, i am not sure
pizza! i love it so much.
my name is jessica and i love my children and my work
painting, and taking care of my kids. how about you?
no i am boring. i am 56 years old and i just don't have the drive.
no but i do have two children who are both great guitar players
my husband would rather watch tv
i am a painter. i don't think i would be good at that
well that is what counts. you are still learning.
not yet either, but soon.
i am good, listening to some rap music. you?
what kind of work do you do?
i produce music for a living.
sure. what is your favorite?
i hear you! i am a dj and i need something different.
yeah i am not worried. what else do you do for fun?
ll! you sound like a very big person!
i am glad you like my work
i am a waitress, but i do it at night to supplement my income.
that is awful. i hope things get better for you
nice! i am a waitress, so i have to get my income from somewhere
do you like to surf at all?
i am also into sports, i am really into motorcycles.
i like to ride my motorcycle
i love it, it has a lot of power and looks great.
i like the color black.
sounds fun. i am just sitting at my vintage mustang.
yeah i am a huge fan of country music.
oh wow, they are really good! what kind of car do you drive?
that sounds good. i have to go pick up my vintage mustang.
i like country concerts. do you like country music?
sure. they are awesome. what kind of music do you like?
that sounds like fun, do you do any country concerts?
just sewing my kids clothes. you?
that is awesome! i have a lot of grandkids too. they are amazing.
i do, and i have amazing grandchildren and wonderful children.
i am strong, but not that healthy, i have a little bit of it.
i am a retired school teacher and i can teach you to sew
i like to sew and read books. what do you do for fun?
i don't drink but i am very wealthy
you should get a smart phone, they will help you keep your mind young.
i am great! just relaxing and getting ready for a date. you?
i understand, i am single and i have 2 dogs
i am single, divorced and with 2 dogs.
why? i am single, do you have any pets?
i have never had those dogs before
do you ever take your dogs in the baths with you?
you are right. maybe i will get one. i am only forty.
i don't drink alcohol. i am single.
i am good. i am a student in high school
haha i am too busy for that! my real goal is to run a marathon
i am only 16 so i can still go to college!
i am a high school student. what do you do for a living?
i wish i was older, so i could be a therapist like my dad.
i also have to study hard to get to a better college.
oh. i want to be a therapist. what is your favorite music?
oh, i am so sorry.
hi! i like to work in an office. how about you?
i love tea, i am allergic to cats and dogs. do you have kids?
yes, i read books, i am a writer. i have been for 15 years now.
do you read alot? i love sports books
i am a christmas baby myself.
i like the conjuring
i love sports and animals, i work with an it team at the local animal shelter
yes! i love them, i have a dog, a cat and a parrot.
i like to take my dog out for a walk.
i have a dog and 3 cats
i am sure you can find someone. my brother and i enjoy tacos together
that is sad. i am sorry
i love chocolate ice cream, my 3 sisters don't like vanilla.
i love winter. tacos are my favorite food. what is yours?
no i am a dog person
doing great. i just finished eating lunch. my fav food is shawarma.
i live in california but currently live in iraq.
yes i do, but not for awhile. i want to go to europe
that is a good career, i am still in high school
i don't skate but i have been in the army.
yes. my grandfather served in the ww2
thanks. i appreciate it. what else do you enjoy?
yes, i do. i am in the army, so i am not allowed to.
good, just got back from a country gig
that sounds fun. i am about to sing a country song on my guitar.
i love to ride. i also play guitar. do you play anything else?
that is a terrible color. i don't think i could rock pink hair!
you should try. it is really fun
i am a country music singer. how about you?
i do, but mostly to other states.
i am not sure what to say to that.
good! i just got done practicing for my next role!
i am in my early fifties, but i have been in the army all my life
i love tv. i watch a lot of cartoons.
you should try reading. it will make you feel better.
i am a stunt double. my second job is to read books.
i am not really into dancing. i like reading
that is very true. i am glad you feel that way!
i am a little bit bad... i do stunts for extra money... what are your hobbies?
i am watching frozen with my friends
i love to go to disneyland, i go every year
i do. i go to disney world every year.
he is a great actor, he will always be in my heart.
i wish i could travel, but i am stuck in this 3rd grade.
i don't know yet. i don't think i am ready for that yet
i like the disney land where i play with my friends.
i like it. i am in grade 3.
hi, i am doing well. i am a famous twitch streamer and have a lot of followers
i am a famous streamer and i have a lot of friends
i am trying to become an architect. what are your hobbies?
that is cool. i am a builder of robots
do you work on a railroad?
i have been watching it for years.
yes i am a famous streamer and i also do a lot of celebrity voices
i love watching twitch and building robots
my name is jimmy! nice to meet you.
i work in education.
that is awesome, i have a step child, he is a beekeeper too!
i am not but i do have a step child. he is a boy
that is great, i am still in school.
no i have not. i have a big family though
that is cool. i just moved to the country
i am fine thank you. i have a fish named fish.
i am not sure. i have not had a date in ages, so i would guess not.
they are very intelligent and friendly.
he was a cute fish, but i did not date him. i am not into relationships.
yeah. just a bit sad.
sure, but you might get a heart attack
i should have kept the cap off of the toothpaste.
i am single and don't have a wife.
that is a tough break. i am sorry you have to deal with that.
what kind of cars?
i love to role play.
i am addicted to the blood and the internet.
i have two dogs and a cat
he does a lot of things. he tricks me into doing things.
i don't know, i just don't know.
i am doing very well and you?
that is great! i have never seen up!
that must be fun! i am in 3rd grade!
do you like to play board games with friends?
no problem. do you have any hobbies?
i like to go to disney world and sing songs. what do you like to do?
do you like music?
that is a good one. i like the musical version.
hi jennifer, i am mia. i am a construction worker.
i build homes, and yes, i work construction. how about you?
wow that is cool, i am currently building a house for my cats
yes. 5 cats. do you have any pets?
they do! they are a lot of work but so entertaining.
no. i am single. my cats are my kids. i love them.
i know right, i feel like my 5 cats make it too bad sometimes.
he has, i am sorry. i have 5, they are very special.
i am good. how are you?
i own a yacht and i love to eat.
that is great. i am not very good.
i love food too much to travel
i don't play sports but i am a huge foodie
my son is too young for sports
that is good. i have been trying to learn how to cook.
my wife does not like me to cook either.
ohio is great! i have never traveled out west.
i would love to visit italy. i have never been!
i am not sure, i am scared of going there. i like baking too much to do that!
well if you are ever in the midwest, let me know. i have a dog and two kids.
no, i don't. i do love to travel though. what kind of pets do you have?
i like knitting and baking
i bake for a living
i am just chilling and baking cookies
hi! i work in the human services sector. how about you?
i have not won anything yet, but i am proud of my son.
i want to be a doctor. i have been a human services worker for 10 years.
he is going to junior high
do you have a lot of kids?
yeah. he is in the 3rd grade. i am the father of a son in high school.
do you have siblings? i have a son, he is in junior high
i am good. i just got my first home. i am getting twins in two months!
i am expecting twins soon, i work at a bank
no i did not. i am not sure if i should. do you like it?
congratulations! i just had twins.
that is a good goal. i am expecting twins in a couple of months
yes, i just want to enjoy my new home.
i have a job at a bank so i don't have the money.
congratulations! i am expecting twins in a few months. i work at a bank.
hello. i love playing tennis, and my dog is here.
i love to garden. my whole family grows vegetables.
that sounds nice. my wife is busy too. i have a hard time dealing with family members.
do you have any pets?
i am not sure, but i have a good income. i play tennis for a living.
i have a dog and i love my dog.
you can still make money.
i am doing okay, recovering from my drinking problem
yes, i have a long recovery process. how about you?
mainly generic stuff
i have bad eye sight and i am seeing a therapist to help.
yes i am a recovering alcoholic.
mostly grow veggies, some fruits.
i like to be with my friends, i am a recovering alcoholic
that is awesome. i love to drive my car.
i am good, just got home from my shift. i work at a school.
that is cool where do you work at
i just moved into my first house and am expecting triplets soon.
i bet. i have heard the language is really bad.
i love bacon and eggs. i just moved into a house with my first two children.
i just moved into my first home. i don't have a skydive opportunity yet.
that is a great idea! my husband will have to try it.
hello, i am well. how are you?
i have a dog. his name is leela
i love comics and i love reading them!
i like gray, too. i like the color blue.
i don't really like nascar, but i do like to watch it
i am a chef, what do you do?
what is your favorite food?
no kids, just my husband and i.
hey, kim, i am sarah. how are you?
i did gymnastics. i love the color yellow.
well being gold medalist i don't need extra weight
yeah, that is ridiculous! do you have any hobbies?
that is sad. i don't have many friends either. i do like to cook, though.
i hope so. what do you do?
i love yellow things. it is my favorite!
well, i am a woman, and work at a school, so a lot of church work.
i am a woman who teaches at a school. do you work?
i love dogs. i have one named jerry. what do you do?
i wear my dog a lot too
no, you sound very normal. do you have any pets?
you should try it out. it will help you with your studies.
me too. my dogs keep me busy as well
i bet that is very hard on your ears
that sounds nice. i am a bit of a mess.
it is! i am a recovering alcoholic, so i have a lot of fun with my friends.
wow, i have never heard of that.
i am on the opposite end of the spectrum. i am a city girl.
that is a lot of burgers. i can only see so much.
i am a bit of a health nut. i take a lot of medications and see a lot.
that is crazy! what do you do for fun?
i am doing good, just finished a mountain bike ride. how are you?
i am drinking my fifth glass of wine. i am a wine fiend
i like mountain biking. do you like beer?
i cannot wait to eat it! i will drink a few cups of coffee to get through it.
well, i like mountain biking, and i love to mountain bike.
ice cream is great! do you like to mountain bike?
she is awesome! i love mountain biking with my dad. i work in construction.
i am so sorry for your loss. i am really sorry.
i am good how are you?
i am a music and video game artist.
all kinds. i am a musician. i hope to be big and make it big.
that is awesome. what kind of music? i am a singer.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have siblings?
oh really? i don't know much about that
i love my job. what do you do for fun?
i love playing the guitar and singing. do you play anything?
well, i love going to disney world, and singing songs from the movie.
i love the beach! i sing songs from frozen. do you like movies?
disney world, they have a new attraction there.
mine is cinderella! what do you do for fun?
i love all kinds, especially the musicals.
i am 25. do you have any kids?
i am so happy for you
thank you. it will be my first time going.
hi, i am great. i just had a wonderful chat with a new friend!
i am a big sports fan. i own my own company and i work all the time
i am sorry to hear that. i am not super smart either.
i like living in a house in the mountains
i like watching football.
sure. i have a house in florida. it is nice there.
its nice, just getting in from my house.
i love cold weather. i am in it. i own my own company.
i am well, thank you. how are you?
i really like it. i don't eat healthy though
i have been everywhere! i love to eat, but i am not very good.
congrats! i am not very good at cooking. i just buy everything i need at the store.
oh that is wonderful. i hope they enjoy their triplets. i don't travel much.
i like to cook but i am not very good at it.
i am working on a new recipe for a new restaurant. i am really bad at cooking.
its going good. how are you?
i am from the usa. how about you?
i love live action roleplaying events.
what is your favorite game right now?
that is interesting. do you like donuts? i like them.
i like to play call of duty and play tabletop games. you?
yes it is. i love it
hi, i am josh. i have a wife who left me.
i think she was possessed by the devil. i don't know.
wow, i am impressed, do you believe in god?
i love it. i love it so much. i am not a big believer in god.
i don't like the cold.
yes, i agree. i don't like being around other people.
i love cats, i have a couple myself
i am so confused.
i was born in africa and i live in the usa
that is a cute name.
i am a man. i am not a cat person.
haha i doubt it. they are pretty old
sure i don't mind. i am a pizza loving woman.
yes i was! i am a little sad because i married my aunt.
thanks! i was in a lot of pain. i was born in somalia and have been there ever since.
that is cool i was born in algeria. where do you live now?
i am good. just playing some role playing games. you?
i love facebook, i play a lot of roleplaying games.
i work from home, i have an addiction to video games.
oh that is sweet. i am a bit of a role player
i am overweight as well. i play games to cope. roleplaying is what i do
i am tired of my life, it is boring now
well i love to be home and play video games. what about you?
i love video games but i have an addiction.
pretty good. just working on my part time job at burger king. you?
i can teach you to do anything if you would like, i do it all the time
i have a part time job at burger king, so i am only 19.
mine is tom and jerry
i am 19, so i guess i am just stuck in this mess
i like to drink and do drugs
i don't do anything illegal. i am 19. i am just so bored.
oh i love that book. my friends and i read it often.
i am great! i love baking cookies!
no. its a fundraiser for a local bake sale i am trying to get into.
oh, i don't mind, i don't mind.
no, i just bake cookies and hope for the best.
i live in a house with three children.
that is a lot of people.
i understand. i am not in a good place financially.
i understand. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing great, how are you?
what kind of music are you listening to?
i love margaritas. do you have a job?
i don't know what i would do without my 3 sisters
no, i live on the third floor in an apartment.
that would be a good exercise.
i live in alabama. where do you live?
me too, i am trying to find a good deal on a dog
hey, i am 46, single and a dad, what about you?
i am a studio engineer and have my own business. what about you?
i am 46 and live in california, the record companies are dying
in california. it is still pretty flooded out here.
i would love to live in the ocean
it is but i love my kids
it is bad but there are good opportunities. you can always relocate.
it is. i have a studio, i don't want to be on my own for long hours.
good morning! i am great, just finished mountain biking. you?
that sounds like a good way to spend the day
me too, i love the color pink. what do you like to do
i bet. i don't drink alcohol myself.
i don't read much, i am more into biking.
i love all kinds of coffee
do you drink? i don't drink at all
do you have any hobbies?
hi. i am a country music singer who has been in the band for years.
that is great. i sing a lot, and play the guitar.
yes. i like country. i was in a band for 17 years.
i am in a band called rascal flatts, i love to play guitar
nice. i live in the suburbs but my parents own a business
that is cool. what is your favorite food?
i like to eat a lot of meat. do you like music?
i am not sure. i am a country music singer so i have heard of it.
that is a great way to stay in shape.
that is nice. i am retired, so i don't have much free time.
i am rich, cheeseburgers are my favorite.
oh, i love burgers. i am a retired teacher
that sounds like me.
yes we do. we also donate to them.
that is true. i was a poor kid, so i was always skinny
i am a retired old woman who lives in her home.
hello, i am good and you?
yes it is, i am a bit of a loner so i don't get out much
i am a very organized person. i clean out my house daily. what about you?
oh no! i am sorry to hear that.
i started when starcraft first came out and worked my way up
yes i am also very good at it
no... i am a famous streamer
starcraft is one of them. i am the designer. you?
i am great. how are you?
thank you! what do you do for fun?
oh i like cooking. i like to cook a lot.
i love blue. do you like to exercise?
red reminds me of summer as well.
waffles are yummy! do you work out?
that is cool. i don't really keep things interesting.
i love the treadmill and the rowing machine
i am doing great! how about you?
that is cool! i love the stones. what kind of concert?
nice. i am a sucker for donuts.
oh ok. i like donuts. what kind of car do you drive?
i like to play video games, but not with my kids around.
lol, that would be awesome!!
i like to role play with my friends. we have donuts and donuts.
it is great for a quick play through
i bet that was scary. i am a pediatrician.
that is cool. i am looking for a job.
that sounds scary. do you like to go to the park?
that is a good point. i am sure he is very talented.
sure. i have a daughter, she is a baby.
sounds great! i would love to go to the park.
that is good advice! i am a dr.
i am a bit rich but i have no use for a wheelchair unfortunately.
hi. i like to go hiking. what about you?
that is nice. i love volunteering at the animal shelter.
i am a programmer for facebook
oh really? i am an engineer
i have never watched. sounds interesting.
i like working out and people too.
yes i love it. do you have any pets?
i am. i also like to hike in the spring. do you hike?
i am well how are you?
i love it. i have been to a few shows
i don't have a job right now i want to work for the law firm
i have a dream to move to the city and become a lawyer.
you should try it, it is very fun
you should get that checked out
i like to ride horses. i want to be a lawyer.
yes it is. i hope you do well in school
i am well. how are you?
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
i don't like to feel that way
i have red and brown hair, and also hazel eyes.
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have a lot of friends?
oh i see. what color is your hair now? mine is red.
i don't know what to do with my red hair, it is too much.
i have a lot of friends but they are not really my thing
hello. i am good. just taking a break from painting. how about you?
that is too bad. i used to be a painter but now i am a house keeper.
that is not a problem if you have enough money.
i retired when i was 56 years old. what do you do for work?
what job do you do?
i sell things too. i used to paint but now i sell them
that sounds like a fun profession. i used to love to paint
do you sell them online or at a convention?
hello, i am coming from georgia, how are you today?
i love germany, it is a beautiful country
do you make hummus at work?
i bet that is fun! do you have any hobbies?
you can take a swim with me
oh, i see. do you have any hobbies?
that is great. i love to cook. i am a manager at a convenience store
just the usual candy and soda.
sounds great. i am going to the movies to watch my favorite movie.
it was a good time, my mom was a teacher too
that is awesome. what do you do in your spare time?
i teach spanish and french, and also english.
mine is red, my favorite color!
i will be living in the apartments in the apartments
no, i am in the country. i teach in the elementary school.
sure! i teach french and spanish. you would love it
i am well and you? i am just looking for a new job.
no i did not i am a doctor
i like riding motorcycles.
the park. it is my favorite spot.
no, but i am a pediatrician and i love it
that is cool. i am a dr. i love animals so much.
i have a bike too, it is a harley.
i have not had any issues. what do you do for work?
i am doing great! just eating some chocolate.
what do you do for a living?
do you like to play any sports?
i don't have a favorite color but i do love chinese food!
i play it every chance i get.
maybe. i am not sure what they are.
i have never been to china, but i speak a little bit.
i am sure intelligent life would want to live somewhere warm.
i am a sucker for shoes and watches, what do you like?
that is a good one! i like to shop for shoes and watches.
cool. i am into fashion
i love that band, too! what is your favorite kind of shoe?
i am sure that is true. i am just trying to make ends meet.
i understand that. do you have a family?
why? i hope you get some good news soon.
that is good, you will be missed
i am great, thanks. i am 45.
cool, i am a studio engineer
i have a very busy life
i love to play with my daughters. i am 46 and single.
i love to dance to them
do you have any kids?
oh, i am sorry. i don't have a dad, but my kids are a disappointment.
no they are divorced
hi there, i am well. i love to read.
nice! do you like to read? i enjoy books and journals.
i enjoy reading. i also love to hike.
i am a huge advocate for helping the homeless.
it means someone who walks around on the streets.
it was a very interesting subject in college
that sounds like a lot of fun
hi! i am good. just chilling with my mom and dad. you?
i like to dance but not to the beatles
that is cool. my sister is into hip hop.
i love the 90s. i am a big fan of travis scott.
i don't know what that is, but i love to play basketball.
no, i am lucky. she is a dental assistant.
i am sure they will. what do you do for a living?
hello. i have been well, just enjoying the view of the mountains in canada. you?
that sounds fun, do you like to cook?
i am a history buff myself. my grandfather fought in the second world war
that must be hard. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. i wish i had time to go to the gym.
i don't have any, i live in canada
it is, i am excited to see where we end up.
that sounds great i would love to!
i am doing very well, just finished painting my house. how are you?
that is awesome, i love to paint and i would love to take over the world one day
i am a housekeeper for the elderly. i have two kids that i never see.
i like those too. i also like to watch the world burn.
i love cheeseburgers. i also like to fantasize about taking over the world.
i used to be a painter but i am now a house keeper
bacon is good but i always fantasize about taking over the world
i love bacon, but my kids don't like it. i am 56 years old.
hi tracy. i am mia and i have a son who looks just like taylor swift.
nope. i teach so i have time for a couple of dogs and a cheeseburger. you?
no i don't sing but i love to watch her videos
that is cool. i used to be poor and i always went out with friends
oh my gosh! that is terrible! i am so sorry.
i am a retired teacher, i had to help a lot of people.
i am retired and have a wife.
i am good. i am looking for a car.
oh i am sorry to hear that.
i would love to get a couple horses. they are very pretty.
i do, i have two boys and one girl.
i am a farmer. i help my dad with his fields. he is a farmer too.
i like rock music
i love all rock music
do you like horses? i have one.
i am great. i am from boston ma. i love food, especially italian
oh wow, that is a lot of life. do you like it?
thank you, i try to eat well but am not very good at it.
i would love to go there one day. i would like to try all types of cuisine.
that is awesome! i have been trying to cook, but i am not very good at it.
i am not good at cooking, i don't like to cook at all.
i own a boat. i am on my own most of the time.
i agree. i have been traveling a lot and i need to find new things to cook.
my family is the same way with sports. it is fun
it is okay. my job is not that great though
no, i was not. i moved here with my husband when we started our family business.
i have a dog, do you have any pets
i have a small pool. i don't swim often. do you?
he is 3, he is a good sport
i have a lot of kids. i love it here.
yes i know that but i have to work for it
i bet they are. what do you do in your spare time?
not much just watching my favorite movie sunset
i just got done hiking. i love the sunrise
i work at an advertising agency. what do you do?
i am studying to be an attorney
i like to see the sunset, hike, and eat fish. you?
oh, what is your favorite?
i love to go hiking and watching the sun rise
i love football! i am not very good at it though. do you like to hike?
i have solar panels on my roof
that is too bad. what do you like to do?
yes i do, i am a feminist. do you know what that is?
cool, do you like social media then
i agree. i like the way she uses social media to promote her brand
i am a feminist, i like to look at the internet a lot
that is good. i like to eat organic foods.
what is your favorite food?
i would love to learn. my hair is brown.
i love hummus. do you have a favorite color?
i am sure there are a lot of vegan restaurants around.
i am a manager at a convenience store.
oh. i am a manager at convenience store.
germany was a lot different back then.
i am a computer company.
great! how are you? what do you do?
oh cool! i love to go rock climbing in the spring
i am a mechanic engineer. what kind of car do you drive?
i love the spring time. i love hiking in the spring
fun! i live in colorado and have a lab
what is your favorite color?
do you ever go hiking with him?
that is great, do you enjoy your job?
i am good. how are you?
i am in the united states, where i was born.
i work as a dancer. i love it
cool, i was born in somalia, and live in the usa
oh that is so exciting. i was not able to travel to my wedding
i was only 17 when i escaped and now live in the states.
dance and hang out. my favorite is dancing.
no, but i do dance and i like to dance to it
i am doing well and you
that is great to hear, cancer is terrible.
i work in the bookstore i love reading on weekends
i am trying to get a degree in chemistry but i am not sure i will pass.
thank you. i am sure i will. what is your favorite color?
i like all colors, and no i am not too tech savvy
i am sure its easy to use. i am a book worm myself
i am well. just finished reading a great psychology book. i love it. you?
i like video games, and kayaking.
i like to read books. do you like to kayak?
nice i have been there once before. it is beautiful.
that is great. i am still learning to speak another language.
i love chocolate! i also love reading books. do you like dogs?
oh yes. i remember those days fondly too.
hi i am sarah, i have two grown children
that is nice. i am 56 so that is why i am shopping online
i like to fantasize about taking over the world.
i don't have a job. i fantasize about taking over the world though.
i don't have kids so i don't work either
i hope so too. my two children are always at my side.
yes, they would. i am 56, have 2 kids, never been able to visit.
i like to travel. i used to travel a lot in my youth.
i am good, i just got done working as a human service worker. how are you?
oh, i am a stay at home dad. how old is your daughter?
i do. i am a human services worker. how about you?
that sounds like it will be hard. i am a stay at home dad.
i am passionate about helping people. i love horror.
i love the conjuring. i also like to watch horror movies.
i have never been to a park. do you work?
i live in cali right now
i am doing well, how are you?
paella is delicious! i love to grill meat, but i hate scaring them with my fear
what do you do for a living?
oh, i have not read that book in years. i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
that is great, i am sure you have some cool stories to tell me
i have never been either but i am employed by the postal service.
oh wow! i am employed at the us postal service.
fish is good, my german shepherd loves fish.
i am good, and you?
oh wow, i have a bmw too. i am not very strong for driving.
i am old. i am in my 80s
oh wow! i am rich too. i have a lot of money but i don't use it.
i grew up in virginia, i was born in pennsylvania
that is a great goal. i am not sure if i will ever be able to do that
no. i live in new york.
i am from the united states, i am a spanish speaker.
no, i am too busy. i am studying french.
i play the violin in a bar.
i love to learn new languages, especially spanish.
that is cool. i am not married, but i am in a band
you are lucky to have him
i am not a good singer, i am a musician
i am good. just got back from my shift at the diner.
i am a waitress, but i am also a full time student
well, my main hobby is racing. what do you do?
it is but i do it for a living
do you have a job? i work as a waitress at the moment
i am a big fan of them. my motor is a vstrom.
that is a nice car. what color is it?
that is nice. i have an old bmw.
i am doing great. how about yourself?
ohio is great! do you have any hobbies?
i am in the army and i have to go to school
yes. i have one dog.
i like pepperoni and sausage. i don't like meat. i eat salad.
yes i have tried it before. do you like to travel?
they are great! my grandfather loved them when i met him in australia.
what do you do for a living?
sure. my number is 76969696969 769
i don't have any money to eat, but i do have a gambling problem
i don't mind it, it makes me not want to clean it
i like to play slots when i am not gambling
i have been doing this outside gambling thing
i am not really into motor bikes, but that would be fun
that is awesome. i bet it is beautiful
i am a mary, but my wife prefers mary.
i am doing good. just hanging out with my dog.
that sounds like fun. do you like it?
oh no i am so sorry to hear that. i hope he is ok
i am sorry, i don't know what to say to you.
good luck with that. i volunteer at the local animal shelter.
i am sure it is nice. i am ex military so i have seen a lot
thank you. nice talking to you as well
i like those. i volunteer at a bunny rescue
i am good. i am just watching the nfl.
yes i do. i am also a vegetarian
i don't have a specific thing i like to do, just like to do them.
that is cool, i love to watch the movies
that is okay. you are a man. you are still a woman.
that is awesome. i am married to a woman and i have kids too.
her name is oreo. what about yours?
he is a rescue dog.
hi! from new york, how about you?
i have never been to canada, is it really cold?
i am in construction. i love my cats.
no pets either. i have a few cats though
i am a construction worker, so i don't work. 5 cats, wow!
i don't. i like to make my own
canada has lots of good fresh local food. i love to cook.
yes, i have 5 cats and i love them. do you have pets?
i am bob. how are you?
oh okay. i am retired now. i used to be a bartender.
i am sorry to hear that, do you have a wheelchair?
i dance for a living, i have danced since i was a kid
oh wow that is terrible. i am sorry to hear that. i am a farmer
i don't know about that. but that does sound good. i am going to try it!
no i don't have insurance i live on a farm
my mom is a professional football player
my wedding is going to be in spring. i love spring weddings.
i am a kindergarten teacher and i love to eat out.
i love the sound of taylor swift!
what kind of music? i love to listen to taylor swift.
that sounds like a cool job
do you like music?
yes i do, i have been saving for it. i am getting married in spring.
yes it is, i am getting married in spring. i am excited!
i am doing good, just got back from a ride on my motorcycle.
i have been in the race for about a year. i am very fast.
that is terrible! i am glad you are ok
i see. i am sorry.
good to hear. what else do you like to do?
i also like to ride bikes, i am a motorcyclist
i also have big brown eyes.
it sure is. i am happy for you!
i love the color orange. i am not really a fan of the weather though.
haha. i love fish! i have a cat, too.
i am sure they will be in lots of movies. i would love to see one on my birthday.
thank you! i have a pet fish, what about you?
i bet he was a good boy. what else do you do for fun?
i am glad my parents don't forget me either
i am great how are you
that is a great way to stay in shape
i am a school teacher and i love my dogs, what do you love?
oh that is cute. my dogs and i have a garden in our yard.
that sounds like a fun job.
it is ok i guess, i am used to it. what about you?
yes it is. i also go to church weekly.
that sounds like a good idea!
i am good, how are you today?
it really does! do you have any pets?
i love animals and birds. i watch their behavior with me. do you like animals?
i have a mini van too, its a toyota camry.
oh no! i don't want to see those little kids in the mlb!
i will, i am a cat lover so i am always up for coffee!
i am vegan so i eat a lot of fish.
not sick, just too old to remember all the illnesses and tragedies
i love tacos and dogs
yes i love to watch it
that is cool. what else do you like to do in your spare time?
i would say so, my dogs are more interesting
that is funny, i love gray, it is my favorite color.
you could take a dog for a walk
yes, but they are not so great. my dogs scare them off.
oh i love football. i love tacos too.
great! i am just hanging out watching tv.
i have a lot of shoes. i am working with a watch dealer.
that is cool. i work at a watch dealer.
i shop for shoes and watch bands, and i am a dealer.
that is a cool story!
i am not sure what you mean.
i love to paint and watch movies
yes i am 12, and i like playing pobox
i love pink. my eyes are a deep brown and hazel.
i like to play pogo, i am only 12 but i am getting better.
i don't have any pets. do you like school?
we are not we are men with blue eyes and hair
do you like to play video games?
math. i am really excited.
yes, i do. i am in school for pogo.
i am doing great. how are you?
what kind of dogs do you have?
i am a stay at home wife. i don't have much money, but it pays the bills
i am not good at tennis but my wife is. she is my best friend.
i am! we have been married for 40 years
my wife is the same way, and i hate her job too
thank you so much! i really appreciate that!
i am going to the bookstore. how about you?
i am retired. i will be traveling soon, i have been there a few times.
no pets. i am not sure if i want one yet.
that would be nice, but i don't have any pets.
i think it is. i love traveling. i have even visited spain once!
i am sure you are, i am a librarian and love cats.
true. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. i have been to spain.
hi! i am great. how are you doing?
i love to bird watch, and i volunteer at animal shelters.
i love poetry, i am a activist for animals
i am a little older than you, but my cats keep me busy.
i love animals so much i work at an animal shelter with animals
i was in college when i was 18, i was in the army
thanks. i am an activist for animals.
i love my rainbow hair
hello, i am a female and i have a children
i have a house, a pet, and a house full of pets.
i have one dog. i have been keeping her in my house for a year.
i have been there before. i have a few dogs, cats, kids.
yeah it is, but not as hot as here in florida
i am a man of many talents.
i do enjoy sports, but not as much as i would like. i am a male.
that is okay, we all have our own hurdles.
no i just eat chocolate and candy
i am sorry. what is stopping you?
i don't care if you are a girl, as long as you are a dog.
i love dogs, especially when i grow up.
i am not sure what you mean by that
wow. i don't like shoes. i want to be a dog when i grow up.
yes i love chocolate and candy
hi, i am jennifer and i am eating tacos. you?
i am from alabama. i am scared of clowns too.
it is. my brothers and i go camping every month.
i have never had an american taco. i am not a taco person
i love tacos! my brother makes great enchiladas too.
that is good. i like taco place in alabama.
those are great too.
that is cool. my brother lives in alabama.
i am well, how about yourself?
i love to ride horses and listen to rock music.
i like fall and spring better
skiing is fun, i love to ride horses.
no, i just have a few. they are cute.
i love the rolling stones and you
indie is nice, i like rock music.
i am good. i like rock music.
that is awesome. i help the fields and take care of the horses.
oh, i love to listen to rock.
we are. we also have horses and we help the pigs and cows.
i am more of a rock fan, but you are cool.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
thank you. i have three arabians that keep me pretty busy.
yes. they are very pretty horses.
congrats! i have a house too but i am working on getting a job now
that is a lot going on in your life
i am still working on getting a house.
well, i am only sixteen. i am still working on my life.
yes, i like to watch nascar and ufc
jazz is great. i like to listen to music while i am working.
me too. i have a lot of hobbies. construction, nascar, ufc.
that is awesome. my favorite food is mexican.
sure, whats your favorite band?
lol. i have a husband. he is an economics major
i am in my 30s. my wife and kids are grown
i am a house wife, my husband is an economics major.
i love candy. i also enjoy ice cream.
i agree. i have to share with my wife.
you can try painting on them.
i have to eat right to play
i am well. i don't have any siblings. do you?
do you like to dance? i love to dance!
i have been driving my civic all day, its my fav car
yes i enjoy going to clubs and dancing.
i do. i produce music for companies.
i bet. i drive a 2016 civic, but i am saving up for a new car
it is worth it. i earn a decent wage. what about you?
i produce music. i drive my civic to soccer games
good morning. i am about to go for a run
i am in the city, so it is a good place to hit up
what do you do for a living?
i am a male and i drink alot of alcohol
that is awesome, i am from the city.
cool! i have never been to the beach.
i live in the city, where are you?
i teach elementary school, how about you?
hey hows it going
i am a history teacher.
that sounds interesting. i am a elementary school teacher.
i have always enjoyed kayaking.
i love the story so far as a kid
they are a pop group.
work. i am a substitute teacher
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
wow! twins! that is exciting! what do you do for a living?
i help out in the fields, tending to the livestock
i love working with horses. i love listening to rock music while i ride.
i have to get up early to pick up my 3 arabian horses, i love horses
do you have any pets?
they eat grass. i love horses and riding them. you have any?
yes. i love horses.
hello. sure, i can do that.
hi lisa, i am john from idaho.
i don't like hats. i prefer to grill.
ouch! sorry to hear that.
i have been playing cards for years.
no. i like gambling. i go with my bros sometimes.
what do you do for fun?
i am sure it will. i also enjoy gardening, especially mowing the lawn.
hi. i am good, thanks. what are you doing?
i have arabian horses so i have to be careful with them.
oh yes, that is very relaxing.
lol burgers are great! i am sure you have a nice boyfriend.
my father is a farmer, so i listen to a lot of hip hop.
i have owned them for about five years. what do you like to do?
it does, but it is not that noticeable
yeah, i am pretty lucky to have a job like that.
yes! what is your favorite food?
we were but she had to sell cars to support our kids
i hate my job. i sell cars. what do you do?
well i am really into cars. i sell them.
i sell cars. what do you like to play?
i am trying. i hate my job though.
well, my wife is the best and she keeps me young.
pretty but not as pretty as my dog
i don't. i have to go to the hospital. my heart is not in place.
i am sure you are very welcome.
i have not, i would love to go.
that is sad. i am sure you don't feel that way anymore
no but i do meditate before i work out.
yes i have. i have a surgery coming up and i am scared
well i am a boy and it was a success
you have to put your mind inside of something, not just your body
i love that. i think i might need to have another surgery
hi i am doing well. how are you?
my parents are dead and i have no siblings.
i am a little girl, and i live on a cloud.
oh that is great. i am just a little girl. i wish i had superpowers
i am still in school.
it is. i am not very social.
sure. do you have any other hobbies?
i wish they would, but my parents are both dead
that is good of you. what do you do for fun?
i am a teacher of 6th grade students.
i do! i love them! i am a woman so i am not allowed one.
i know. i am a school teacher and i have to be on top of my game.
i am a woman so i am always outside and gardening
a golden retriever and a labrador mix
that is funny, i don't eat meat, i do love to garden
i have two dogs. do you garden or walk outside?
hey there! i love country music, what kind of music do you like?
yeah, i am a music major. i just bought a new house.
no, i have not. i like to listen to rock though. do you?
i have never been there. i am a student
i am studying it now, i am a student at an economics school.
i have been to a concert at the rolling stones. i love music
i am majoring in that
i am going to be an economics major.
hello! no i don't, but my relationship with my dog is not open.
that is nice. i have a dog, a dog walker and a dog walker
i have a dog that i love, he is my best friend
cool. i love to watch the olympa. i also like to go running.
i am sorry to hear that, but i am glad you got your eye shadow.
do you like to shop for eye shadow?
do you enjoy it? do you enjoy the dog walking?
i am good how are you
i have been recording for my own studio.
i have a dog. i live in california. the puppy market is flooded right now
a studio. i am a recording engineer, but need a job
i don't know what to say, i am 46 and single. i just cannot handle kids
that sounds really nice.
i don't like halloween much, i prefer summer
well, my kids are in school. they are a bit young to like best friends.
i am doing well. how are you?
i am 36 and you?
i am sure you are a kid of your own.
i am sorry. i would love to hear their stories.
i do. what do you do?
i am sure you are busy!
no. i am in a farming community.
i love classical music, and driving my tractor.
nice! i am more of a tractor person.
oh, sorry to hear that. i am listening to my favorite classical music.
she was a dancer at the golden eggs in nyc
it is, but its hard work, i can drive a tractor for extra money.
lol, i guess so... what do you do?
i dance for a living and you?
that is fun. what do you do for a living?
yes, spanish. do you speak any other languages?
my parents both played professionally.
wow, that is interesting. my parents are from japan.
that sounds fun, do you enjoy it?
i love chocolate! what kind of food do you like?
i don't think so, i eat a lot of veggies and fruit
i bet you would not if you had a job
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i am doing great, just volunteering at the shelter
i volunteer in the homeless section.
that is great! i wish i could run more than once in my free time.
thank you so much. what else do you like to do?
i enjoy volunteering at the local shelter.
i do volunteer work, and i am good at it. do you like to cook?
beans are good. i like them a lot
i bet. i am a professional wrestler, so i don't get that chance often.
hello, i live near a nice little town called montgomery, ga.
i work in a lot of human services. i used to be a home depot employee.
just hanging out with my son, i am a senior in high school.
no, i don't have any kids.
i have been here for a few years, i work in a human services field.
my son just turned 8
yes i am. how old are you?
nice. my son is in first grade.
i am doing well, how are you?
oh, i am sure you will find one. what kind of job are you looking for?
i like the park too, but i have to get a hat collection going.
i have two kids, they are adorable. do you have a job?
that sounds interesting. do you have any pets?
i like to eat vanilla ice cream
i will try. i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
i like movies in the winter
i am doing good. how are you doing?
that sounds fun. i am a little tired from work. i am a vet. what about you?
i like his movies, but my addiction to the internet has me doing it too often.
i am in high school
yes, i am. you?
i go to school but i don't have time to play games
i love to play sports and role play
i am well. how are you?
i love board games too! my mom is from india so i am her biggest fan.
i have never played monopoly.
that is so cool! i am a swim coach, and mother to three girls.
i love to swim. do you?
i am from india. my family came to the usa. we are from there.
i love death metal bands, what is your favorite band?
i am doing well. just got back from my shift at the restaurant. you?
i love dogs, i have one. i am a waitress, so she gets to ride with my motorcycle.
that is cool. what else do you enjoy?
i am a waitress, so i have to. i also like to race motorcycles.
mine are brown too.
oh, that is even better!
you are not very nice
i am a red head with big brown eyes.
i am doing great. just got home from volunteering at the shelter.
i like to volunteer and go to shelters.
i am a pro wrestler, so i don't have time to watch tv
i love pizza. i volunteer at a homeless shelter, and eat all kinds of pizza.
yum! i like black olives too. i am going to volunteer at a homeless shelter.
i have not but i have heard them are tasty!
yeah, i hear you. what do you do for fun?
i work at a soup kitchen, and i volunteer there.
hi, how are you doing?
i am 25. i am a buddhist. do you meditate?
i live in alaska, where are you from?
i am a buddhist so i just sit and meditate.
i have not done drugs in a very long time. i don't like the stuff
i am a buddhist, but they are not that strict
that is great, i have not spoken to you in 3 months
yes. i love the original conjuring. do you have a favorite?
i have a daughter. what kind of car do you have?
my mom has dark curly hair too.
i am sure she is proud of you for raising her well.
because i am so young
i don't have any friends.
oh ok i did not know
i am doing well. how are you?
i like cooking too. i learned mandarin from my mom
i like hummus. i like to eat chocolate, which i love.
do you like music? my father plays music and we eat chocolate.
i like sky diving. i like rollercoasters too.
i like to play music in the shower
oh, cool. i play the violin too.
my dad is an electrician, he can help you with that.
i am great how about you?
i am sure you will be happier when you move
save up. i am a high school teacher, so i have lots of money saved.
yes, i would love that! i am going to move with my boyfriend soon.
fun is definitely a must with these kids. i am sure your life is wonderful.
i am not either. i am a kindergarten teacher so i don't have the money for a professional.
thank you! i have an upcoming date with my bf in town.
i am sure we could work together!
hi! great! how are you?
that sounds like a lot of work.
i have a couple of kitties, but i am not sure if they count
i can build you a house
i work as a construction worker, how about you?
oh, i like soccer. i build houses, too, but with more cats.
that is cool. do you like working out?
i know! i am building a house, i am so excited.
good. i am a little sad because i lost my horse.
what are your hobbies?
that is awesome! i love to go horseback riding.
i love the small towns. do you have any hobbies?
i like to eat horse meat
that is cool, i love horses. i was raised on one.
oh i am not a big fan of peanuts
cool. i am from a small town.
i don't do much. i don't have time for much else
that is tough, do you have any hobbies?
oh. i live in a rural area.
i like watching hockey. what is your favorite team?
oh, i like to play hockey. i am a rural farmer.
do you have any pets? i have a german shepherd
i love to read, especially books. what about you?
i am doing good, how about yourself?
i have curly brown hair and i like riding horses. do you live in florida?
i am going to high school in two years.
i have a boyfriend. i will graduate from high school in a couple of years.
i bet it is. do you have a favorite color?
i live in the great white north.
i live in colorado. i am a vegan
no. i have a boyfriend but we are not close. do you have any hobbies?
that is great. i am a nurse at a hospital here.
i don't eat that much shawarma. do you have a favorite place to read?
that is cool, i have been reading a book about it
he was my favorite as a kid.
yes, especially since i work as a baby delivery nurse.
i do it to relax
absolutely! do you have a favorite movie?
yeah i have a job delivering babies so it is a lot of work
hi, i am good thanks for asking
that sounds nice. i just got a new job. i am a life coach.
my parents both are very athletic.
yes i am sure my dad is a great chef.
i am from cali.
yes, i eat very healthy and i am trying to become a coach for marathons
i love raw veggies and fruit.
what kind of things do you like to do
i am doing good, how are you?
i saw a rock band and we hung out
yes i wish i had time for that
i like a lot of songs. my favorite is the one that goes country, right after the chorus.
good. do you have a favorite band? mine is rancid flatts
i am sorry to hear that
i have two boys and one girl
that is great. i am a country singer so i don't do that.
good, just got off a horse farm. how about you?
i am married to a horse farm. i would much rather live in a city.
congratulations. where are you from? i am from a small town.
i wish i could move somewhere closer to nature.
i think it will help me get over being afraid of people, i am scared of small town life.
yeah, i grew up on a farm.
my father raised pigs on his farm
it sure does! what do you like doing?
i am ok i just have a lot of school work.
oh i see. what kind of dog?
i want to have two dogs when i grow up, maybe one will be a bulldog
i love cookies and pizza. i will have to make some today.
oh wow, that sounds like a lot of work. i am four. i am just eating my candy now.
i don't know who that is.
i will do my best. i just want a dog. do you have any?
no i am still at home. i am 4.
hi! i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite hobby?
i work in watch sales, so i get all sorts of weird stuff.
i have a hard time with time, but my family supports me.
oh, that is not good. are you a watchmaker?
you can still do it
you should try to shop with your family. i don't support my career choices either.
i live in california, so not much of a cloud area
i am doing great, how about you?
i love to sing in the shower.
i have never heard of it. what is it about?
yes he is! i like to sing his songs too!
it is fun, but i really want to go again. i have been every year since it came out.
no, i like magic.
cool! i went to school for a year.
me too. what do you do for a living?
i am great, i am going to europe this summer
it is very pretty. i like to travel there.
what is oly lifting? i am a paella fiend
oh no i have a weakness for fish and chips, do you have any hobbies?
do you have any pets?
i love vanilla ice cream, but fish and chips make it too sweet for me.
oh that is a lot of hats. what else do you do?
i have a dog. do you have pets?
i am doing good and you
i am watching a movie called gone with the wind
i don't have a phone, i don't know if my clothes would fit
i live by myself now
social work is fun. what do you do for fun?
thanks. i am living a very great life now.
oh that is sad. do you have a family?
i like to sit and sew. what do you do for work?
i am good. just got home from work. you?
i have not been on my computer since my wife left
i work at a nursing home.
i don't think i have the energy for it. i don't like running.
that would probably help a little.
i am a nurse at a local hospital
red! i love the color red. what is yours?
i like navy blue. what is yours?
i don't like music i like to volunteer at animal shelters
that is great. i am in a rescue program for bunny needs.
that is cool, i volunteer at a rescue for bunnies.
i am a shipwright on my off time.
i like to volunteer with the local bunny rescue. i love the color navy blue.
i like that, i also love volunteering for a charity
my mom is traditional as well but i am very close to her.
i think i have a lot of talent
i don't think i would be very intelligent
oh wow. do you live with your parents?
oh ok i see. do you have any kids?
i am a 56 year old woman... how old are you?
i don't know if that is good or bad
no. i don't want to have kids.
no, but i used to. i fantasized about taking over the world.
hi! i work at a daycare.
no, i am too young. i am four.
i live in the united states, i am only 4 years old
i live in cali. i am four.
i think i need to get a job, i just turned 4!
that is a great idea. i am only 4 years old
i hope so too. do you like animals?
i do! i love the chocolate milkshakes
oh wow that is a lot! i don't eat soda.
that is great, i like to eat a lot of french fries and hamburgers
oh i love wine, but i don't drink it
it was not until recently that i really started to enjoy watching tv.
i like to walk in the park, i walk my dog and take a quick walk.
i don't drink soda, do you?
i have faith in god.
well, i am not a big drinker.
i am good and you?
i do like music, what do you like?
i sure did! i was able to live forever with all my strength.
it makes me feel alive, which is good because i feel pretty dead inside.
i dance in a club, but it is a little dated.
i do, i have a lot of energy for life
not much i am not old
i will try to remember.
hello how are you doing today
i teach piano lessons. my father is a violinist.
that is cool. i teach piano and violin.
what kind of music do you play?
the violin, and i also play the banjo. i have been playing since i was 6.
thanks. it is hard work, but it is worth it.
me too. i also enjoy learning how to play the violin.
my father is also a professional violinist. i play many instruments.
oh no! i am sorry to hear that!
i like to learn too, i am trying to learn french fry recipes
oh my goodness that is terrible. my condolences.
it is. i am glad you have someone to support you.
what kind of jobs do you do? i am a housewife.
i love fries too. i am a homebody, i eat out a lot.
that is good too. i don't like soda either.
i am jim. i just got back from a mountain biking trip.
i work construction, and i love coffee
i am a big drinker, i don't know how to quit
i like blue too. my father worked for the navy in construction so i inherited his passion.
that is so cool, i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i like to mountain bike and spend time with my family
i am not a big drinker, i am a mountain biker.
hello, that is awesome. i am fine and you?
that is nice, i just turned 18 last month.
that is cool. i like to play tennis. what do you do for fun?
cool i just got engaged 2 months ago.
i do like travis scott. what is your favorite color?
i don't like fish much.
my girlfriend does too. i have been dating my boyfriend for two months.
i love white! i like the color of it.
that sounds fun. do you like to travel?
i love the spanish language. what do you want to be when you grow up?
what kind of music do you create?
trabajo sounds interesting. is it a spanish word?
yes i am a vet. do you have any pets
i do! i love to listen to country concerts on the weekend
i am. my car is a mustang, but i like the old ones better.
thank you. what do you do?
hi, it is a beautiful day here.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a musician and i have a passion for languages.
i love to learn new things, i am a musician.
that is cool i am studying it
i want to learn spanish. my next goal is to become a musician.
what is your favorite food?
that is awesome. i love music and people. i am studying to be a dancer.
that is awesome. do you like to cook?
i am doing good, how about yourself?
yes, i am. i broke it skating once.
i am a pretty good skateboarder. my friends and i go all over.
i like online ones, but i am broke now
he is a very good skateboarder.
i would love to. i have a lot of skateboarding experience.
that is good. i am a skateboarder, but not as good.
i broke my arm in a car accident, but it is healed.
that is a cool color
i am more into gambling.
no i am not, i go gambling to get away from reality
i love to eat steak. i am a gambler, gambling mostly
no, but i do grill them in my spare time. do you like lasagna?
i will! thanks for the tip.
i bet it is. have you thought of a new job?
i am good, how are you?
that is great i love tofu, i don't eat meat though.
nice. i am a vegetarian, but i love to cook.
i bet, what do you do for a living?
what do you like to do in your spare time?
his name is tony, and he is a pug.
we love to go camping.
hello. i love to go to the nhl games and watch the games.
cool i live in rural farm country
that is cool. i have a dog that is a german shepherd.
i live in a farm community.
i agree. i love them! i have a german shepherd and he is my life.
it is very interesting. what do you do for a living?
yes it does, what do you do for work?
hi! i am good, how about you?
that is a lot of responsibility! i am just listening to some music.
a mutt, he is very spoiled
i am still in school, i produce music for a living.
that is good. my favorite food is pizza.
oh, i see. i have a lot of dogs, but i have never had any kids.
lol i bet! i love rap. what music do you like?
i am sorry, i hope it gets better.
that is cool! i work for the postal service.
that sounds like fun. i am a postal worker. what do you do?
they are insects. i have to call my german shepherd, barnaby, he says they are insects.
yeah it was pretty wild. i am glad i have a pet to keep me company
he does a good job. he also taught me to be terrified of everything
i am terrified of snakes, but love dogs.
that is true my dog is almost 2 and he is a bit older
i have a german shepherd, his name is barnaby.
i am great. how are you?
i am a custodian and you?
what do you do for fun?
yes, she is my idol. what do you look up to?
no, i am a musician. i play piano and guitar.
i like him a lot, too.
i like the coffee shop, but i am a musician.
no i don't. do you?
i am great. i am josh. whats your name?
i don't play sports. i love sky diving.
that is good, i don't have time for cooking.
yes! i love being single and not looking for a husband!
i love to go to the roller coaster i go to when i rollercoaster
that sounds nice! i like to jump off the roof when its too cold.
yes i understand, my family is very big too. we all love to eat and love sky diving
that is so sweet. how old is he?
