i love hiking and eating meat, what do you do?
hi! i'm doing well, how about yourself?
i like music too, especially the kind where we play music while
i worked at a bar in town. what did you work at?
i like to drink tea, it is my favorite.
that must have been scary! i have a dog.
i like to hike in national parks. do you like to go hiking or camping?
i am a mom of two. do you like to travel?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do?
25 is young, but not old. i> & so i guess i am a bit old. i just got back from a break.
i am fine. how are you?
my dad used to be a cop. he taught me a lot
haha, well, at least you have bacon.
that sounds exciting. i work at a school as a kindergarten teacher
i have been. i love it there. do you like it there?
yes. it does. i also listen to it while i work as an engineer.
my dad was in the military, he taught me how to play guitar
i love the look of those! do you ride competitively?
it is a great place to run.
i collect vintage cars. i have two of them.
i love to garden. i play a few guitar.
i love the thrill of a good rollercoaster!
it is pretty nice. i love to garden.
i'm well thank you. yourself?
oh okay. i'm not too old to be
yeah it is fun i love it
i will try to find a way. what do you do for a living?
i'm married with a great kid
frisbees are fun. i used to work at a circus.
that is a great reason to travel, love traveling.
me too! i also like to travel.
that is very unfortunate.
it was hard to get my bachelor of arts degree in chemistry, but i still love it.
i used to be a gym teacher, so i makes me hungry!
i'm sorry to hear that. my parents were both really good people and taught me a lot about faith.
wow that would be so cool, i love horror movies, i watch them in the cinema
oh nice i love them too i read them on the weekends
that must be very interesting.
that sounds interesting. i am a chef.
maybe i'll take you up on that.
oh i see. i grew up in the us.
that's nice. i do you like animals? i've a dog, a chihuahua.
oh dear, i'm sorry about that.
no, i am alone. i just like to hang out at the research facility cleaning out cages.
i'm sorry to hear that. i hope the best for you
i'm 46. i'm planning on going to college next year.
i listen to a lot of music, i also play video games
no, i didn't. but i used to work at a carnival.
i'm a pro bono attorney
& that's cool i'm going to eat dinner with my family then go out to eat
i am a mom, but not always on maternity leave. i am too busy with kids.
yeah, i've seen some videos about it on the internet.
california is a big city, i've lived here my whole life.
yes i do, i have a few on etsy
i prefer rock.
that sounds interesting. i am a writer myself.
i love tv. i love cooking shows too.
wow! i just got a new job. i am moving into my first home.
i'd wear those for sure.
oh that is good. i am very lonely
awesome. my best friend lives next door to me
that's cool! do you travel a lot?
hi i am good, how are you?
i am sorry about your parents.
yes it is. i am a writer too
i live in arizona, you?
oh, i like to think of it as bonus income.
i do too. i also have a lot of spare time at school.
it is a small world, i work for a hair stylist, what do you do
no she's with a friend
yes i love the movie! i have a very successful business. i own it.
i love to write them, too. what are your hobbies?
it is, i just got home from a long day at the gym
hi lucy. my name is jessica and i'm a cancer survivor.
i'm good, just got off work. how are you?
i love horses too! i ride them on my longboard.
i am an engineer, i work out a lot.
we don't play sports. we just like to watch sports.
oh no i'm afraid i'm gonna die
hi! i'm eating some music. how are you?
playing games and watching tv
no, i just like building space stations.
i live in ohio. do you have any pets
that's pretty. i'd love to paint my garden purple and lime green
i'm having some sausage and bacon for breakfast.
i'm doing well. how about you?
i like the stuff. what is your favorite food?
i am from new york. what about yourself?
i'm doing good! just i just got back from feeding my animals!
i am not. i am a christian.
they are. i'm knitting them for my baby delivery nurse.
hi, i am doing well thank you. how are you?
i work out 3 5 times a week, and go to the gym most days
i have been writing since i was three, so four is old.
yeah, thanks
i write a lot of them. i'm working on a book right now.
my husband just runs a business, what do you want to be when you grow up
yeah, i read a lot of books as well.
i am enjoying it a lot! i love it.
wow that is impressive, i am only 4
i'm studying law, but i'm not going to be a lawyer.
i like the sound of that. i am a fan of the who
do you like animals
that is good to know, i am hoping to become a nurse soon.
i am good, just cooking some meals for the family
do you like to read?
i will be fashion model. i am a model, model, model.
i teach biology at a college.
no, i am not married and i cannot have kids.
i went to school to be a veterinarian.
i play soccer too, and i am a keeper. what do you do?
thank you. i am trying to find them all the time, i am so sad.
yeah, it is my spare time
yes you are right. do you like skateboarding?
that's cool, my parents are from south carolina
hello, i am doing very well. just came back from a walk with my parents.
i am not. i play sports and i love being active
my cats name is taylor
i love to eat the ice cream too!
i am doing great. how about you?
