hi! just eating a healthy diet and you?
oh, what movie? i am a movie guy.
i like it too. i am a bit chilly today.
i have a little boy as well. he is a straight a student.
wow that is great i am a stunt double for movies
my wife and i have a single parent household
yeah she is a very nice woman
i am sure you did. i was raised in a home with a second dad
i am good how are you?
that is good, i love to volunteer with animals
i am in a vintage mustang garage.
oh, i see. i am a mechanic
that is a good reason to go.
i am into cars and i like to restore them.
i like country. i like to work on cars.
hi i am great how are you
i have 2 myself. how old are your kids
yes i have. we own a house together. do you like it?
that sounds great! what else do you do for fun?
i would love to. i have to walk 3 miles every day to get there though.
i love to eat raw. do you have any hobbies?
i try. i love my job and helping kids!
i am doing good. i am a museum tour guide. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that.
oh wow, that is great. my dad passed away a few years ago, so i don't have many close friends
i love cats! i have two.
interesting, do you enjoy reading?
i love to drink fancy tea.
that is cool. i have a big library at home. i love reading.
that is a lot of colors! i have super powers!
that sounds exciting. i wish i had that! i live on clouds.
yeah i wish i could take my super powers
that is too bad. do you watch any shows?
oh i am sorry to hear that
i am a woman. and no, i am not.
yeah. maybe i will just do it by myself
i have over 1000 hats of cats, i love them.
i have a cat. two. i have over 1000 of them
mike and fred. i have over 1000 hats.
cool. i like to collect things like hats and jackets.
oh wow, happy birthday! i have only had cats for a few months. i have about 500
i am. i have over a thousand hats. i have a cat, two dogs, and two horses.
do you have any pets?
i am doing great. yes i do.
i like documentaries. i am a war buff.
no, i don't have any pets. i am too poor to even own a dog.
i think so. do you watch war documentaries? they are my favorite.
i love them. especially cheeseburgers
i am in my 30s. how old are you?
oh that was a long time ago
that is good to hear.
i am great! and you?
that sounds fun, i have been spending my day drinking wine and dancing.
oh that is great, i try to drink a glass of wine before i run. helps me recharge
i love to read too, but i like to drink wine and dance in the moonlight too much
i prefer white wine, but red is good too
i love wine. i drink it while dancing.
yes it is! i am drinking wine and dancing in the moonlight.
i sure am! how are you?
oh that is so nice of you! i am only a hundred years old, how about you?
i am a bit older than you. i am 101
i will have to find a way to get it. do you have any pets?
do you have a job?
i am sure you will. i love to dance in the moonlight
that is true. i am strong for my age.
i am glad to hear that. i have been drinking wine all day. i don't like television.
oh, i love to garden.
i don't like to grill but i do play with my dolls
that is awesome, i am not old, just not a big fan of pick up toys
that sounds fun, i like to play with my dolls
she did, and i lost. i have a pet turtle.
i am going to tell her, but right now i am playing with my dolly.
you are right i don't pick them up.
i hope i win too. my turtle is waiting.
i am good, just got off work from my job at the pool.
i don't like drinking either. i am studying to be a computer programmer
i am studying to be a computer programmer, i love computers.
no, i am in school right now, so i don't have time to move.
computer programming, i am currently studying it.
that is great i love the indian food in the pool i coach.
i am studying to be a computer programmer. my mom is from india
i am in school currently. its a lot, but i enjoy it. how about yourself?
same here! where do you live?
hello. i am jason. i work from home as a programmer.
i have been playing the computer game starcraft.
i have a pet cow too!
i am a famous streamer and i work as a builder.
i am allergic to all types of water
i don't, i have a problem with my allergies.
dallas is nice. i have been there. i am building a robot.
i love to workout. i am an olympa athlete so i work out a lot.
i have not. i am a gymnast though. i love italian food. do you?
i am not sure. i just started gymnastics in college.
i hope to become a food critic after i win gold at the olympa
oh, what do you do for a living?
i love to bake, especially italian
i love garlic bread! what do you like to eat?
hi. i was in 3rd grade. i am in 9th grade now.
i am not sure, i have never been.
i love to go to disney world every year, i go with my friends.
i love the parks, but disney world is my favorite.
we like to go to disney every year and sing songs from the movie.
do you like singing songs from frozen?
i have a dog named radar
no i am too young
i am doing good. just watching the friday movie
i would like to be an artist.
the time i slipped and fell off my motorcycle and it crushed me
knitting sounds fun. i am not very crafty
she is a prodigy in her field.
i don't have any kids, but my daughter is in the 3rd grade.
my daughter loves that movie. she is the only one in the family who does.
i hope so. i hope so too.
i am doing very well, and you?
that is cool, my parents taught me a thing or two as well.
that is great! i am a student. what do you do?
i am currently a graduate student studying psychology and i love it!
i have not. i have to look it up.
i love him! i walk dogs for a living
i bet. i was not around much growing up.
it was, i learned a lot from them.
hi. i am well, and yourself?
that is a fun age. i was raised in a single mom household.
i really love italian food. i am a big italian fan.
i am single, my parents raised me in a strict household, no surprises there.
i am sure. i am a bit of a health nut.
i listen to all kinds. i also eat all kinds of food
i am! i love her!
i like the new stuff too. do you have a family?
hello. i am an engineer. what do you do?
i have never heard of that band.
hi there, i am a recording engineer for a studio.
i don't really like car racing. i am not very athletic.
yeah, i am not much of a fan of the law.
no. he is a lawyer, and i am trying to find myself a new job.
i have not spoken to her since. i am a bit lonely. you sing?
i am not sure really. he left because of me being an engineer.
i am great, i just got home from work.
i am sorry for your loss. do you have any pets?
that is cool. i have never had military family.
i like to paint pictures
i love softball too. do you have any pets?
do you have any hobbies? i love to ride cars
i know, right. i am so glad my dog is safe
its a little chilly, but not too bad. i have a german shepherd named barnaby
i am good. just got done with my morning music session. you?
i like to ride my bike to get exercise
no, but i would like to someday.
i play guitar and violin, but i am hoping to make it big
i am sorry. what else do you enjoy? i love to sing.
i am a musician. i play guitar and also sing.
i agree. what else do you like to do?
i am from the united states. where are you from?
that is cool. do you have any pets?
oh. i see. what do you do on your spare time.
i am in college, i am currently working in a bookstore.
what do you do in your free time? i dance on the weekends
i hate to read too, but i have to. i need to make a few bucks
i don't care about it.
my grandfather was not scary, he was a genius. i hate science.
hi i am doing good how are you
i am good. i like working with children.
oh, i see. do you have any kids?
i work in human resources.
he is in his junior high years.
i am a senior in high school.
i am a junior in high school
i am good, just got done working in it
cool, do you have any kids?
i am a full time workaholic!!!
me too. i have a lot of friends that use it.
i am a big sports fan, and have been playing football since i was a kid.
i love them, i have a couple. what do you do?
yes, but we are professionals and it is what we do
thanks. it is my life. i have been in the industry for 15 years.
hello, i am great! i am 60, so i am doing great. you?
i love to read. i am a librarian, what do you do?
i have been to spain. i have been there twice.
i work in a library
i am very glad you got to help people.
that is great. i have visited spain many times, and would like to visit again
that is nice. i am sure they need love too.
my father was a manager at home depot, too.
i don't know apartments, i work in construction.
i am in tampa, but i work construction.
congratulations. i am only sixteen years old.
oh really? i am still in school, i just started construction
i love mexican food!
i love tupac too!!! he is so good!!
dream on is great! i also like avett brother
hello, i am ray from florida
it was my inspiration for the build.
what else do you like to do?
that sounds relaxing. i work at a construction site during the day
i have to say its not that bad
i drink a lot of water i love the ocean
no. do you want to be my body double?
i like the game starcraft
i am doing good. how are you?
i am in california, i have my own studio.
i have a studio in california
i am a father of two daughters, i can relate
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i am a woman but i don't mind
pop music and r b
that is ok, i am divorced and live alone.
hey! i am just relaxing. how are you?
its hard, but i try to keep busy with my work and meditating
i like to go to the gym and meditate.
i was a house wife and we lost contact.
i don't know, it just is what i am.
i am a buddhist, and live in the state of alaska.
no, in a buddhist retreat, i am trying to meditate more.
i like to meditate about the nature of the buddha.
i am good how are you?
good, i was just listening to some country music.
yes, and pumpkins, pumpkins, pumpkins.
that is great. i am sure he is a great buddy. i am more into country myself.
there are some in the north west. i live in the country so not too much.
i am in the midwest. i don't drive and i have no cattle.
you would be surprised. i am in a country town. i love country music.
i love country music!
ll, not laughing. i have a german shepherd named barnaby
my father drove me to nascar once with his car, i was terrified
he loved the car i have him in. he is a big car fan
i am a dog person but i love my shepherd
i will, i will bring the grey cup!
i would love to have a dog, my dog is a german shepherd named barnaby.
that is sad. you should have let him out when he was younger
my dad drove a car for nascar, that is cool
i am doing good how are you
oh, i am sorry. do you have a job?
that sounds nice. i am in a farming community. it is pretty rural.
i have a german shepherd. he is the best.
i like watching the nhl and hockey
i have a german shepherd. what do you do for fun?
i like them both, i also like to eat them.
that is cool. do you like sports?
its not late yet... just getting started. i am a feminist
i am a feminist. so i am very interested in your political viewpoints.
i like to gamble on facebook and twitter. i also spend a lot of time on instagram.
i like to go on instagram and look at my friends
that sounds great. do you have any hobbies?
i just started my new job, vegan. i spend a lot of time on social media.
i am a feminist so i am always looking for work
i also like to look at social media, especially instagram.
i am doing well, thanks! and you?
cool. i am just hanging out with my buddy.
cool. i love country. i work as a shipyard attendant.
i am a shipwright, but i also volunteer at a local animal shelter.
awesome! what kind of music do you play?
you will! do you like animals?
i do what i can. i donate a lot to charity.
oh. i have two brothers. they are both vets.
hi i am doing good. just playing with my blue eyes and hair
no, not really. do you?
i like to play the piano. i have a red hair that is almost my eye color.
i don't like people, i don't like the school i attend
i don't have many either, i am just really into the game pobox.
i do. i am an artist.
i don't like animals, i don't have any.
i love playing video games, but my school is so hard
i have a few games but mostly just work
i love donuts too, especially with coffee
i don't have any either. i do have two.
i am ok, i have been a studio engineer for years.
that is awesome! i have a studio in california.
that is awesome. i will be 44 next month.
i am a studio engineer for a living
i have never heard of that one before.
i am from alabama, where are you from?
yes i do! i play football in high school. do you?
cool! i have never tried gymnastics. i am a dog person.
we are very close, my brother and i love dogs. do you?
we have a golden retriever, and a poodle.
i have a pomeranian, she is a golden retriever
i live in alabama, where are you from?
i am not. we will be going back in a bit.
hi there i am doing great today
dancing is great, but i prefer to drive my nissan pathfinder.
everything from groceries to clothing, it is a small town.
there is weights. i am a store manager.
i don't know. i have to go get my nissan pathfinder now.
you should. i would not worry about it.
i bought it when i moved into my new house
hello! no i have not but i would love to.
that is great! do you like country music?
no i am not. i live in a city.
i like country music. i also love to line dance
i have a degree in biology.
lab rats are the best. they can be trained to read and write in english.
i love books. i am a big reader too.
james joyce is a great author. do you work? i don't.
i am doing well. just got back from a dance lesson.
i have been in a similar situation. i am just trying to find love.
that is good. i am not married so i have to work a lot
i don't get free things, but i have a lot of free time.
yes i do, i am not even close to ready
yes, i want a pet.
oh i can handle it. i don't even have to work.
i am not working right now i go to college
i have been busy with school. i am in high school now
i am not sure, do you have a favorite season?
i am not a fan. i like to run though.
horses rock. i want to be a physical therapist.
i am very popular. i have a lot of friends and people say i am a good person.
oh, i love animals, i want to be a vet when i grow up
i will try, but i have to study first, my mom is a school teacher.
thanks! i hope so. i am going to have to go back to school though.
i am so sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
do you have any other animals?
oh... i don't know if i would find them sexually attractive. i am not that kind of person
do you like baking? i love making cookies.
oh, i love to bake cookies!
do you have any hobbies?
but then how will i learn if i don't?
i think i will. i am scared of dying and my dogs might help.
i am doing good how about you
i love watching friday. i enjoy walking outside and gardening. what do you do?
sure! do you have kids?
that is awesome. i teach kindergarten at a school.
i teach middle school. do you like gardening?
it is about a woman who is a high school teacher and also a vegan.
i am a teacher for the elementary school.
haha, well you have to start somewhere!
i am good how are you
that is awful! do you have a family? i have wonderful grand children.
i am single, no kids.
i have great grandchildren and a wife who is a cancer survivor.
oh i like to listen to rock
that is so funny, i don't have any kids so i have no idea what you are talking about
that is great. i hope to be a great parent one day.
i have to call my grand kids to make sure i can help them.
i love dogs! what kind?
i just moved to the city, i am a vegan
i am a vegan. i am glad you like it!
i don't know, i have only been here a year or so.
i love sky diving and roller coasters!
i am so glad that i moved here. i love it here.
no. i would rather stay home and watch my cooking shows.
that is so cute! do you have any other hobbies?
i like to make time stop
i love animals. i also have super speed and flight.
i am sorry, i have a super power that helps me cope.
i see. i live in the cloud
that sounds like a lot of fun
that is cool. i live with my sister.
i am a little girl so i don't have much company lol
i am good. how are you?
not yet. just some sunny days here.
i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
my cats are not too fond of it either, i am a builder
that sounds like it was a lot of fun!
well, my cats are my main job. 5 of them
oh, neat. do you like it?
i am great. yes i did. i am a redhead
i am only a year in so i am still learning. i love books
i don't know about that, school is not my thing, i am only 12!
i am 12! i don't have many friends.
i do like to play sports and go to school.
i am 12, i don't have many friends
oh. i don't like school. i hate the color blue.
i am from the united states. do you like animals? i am a vegan
that is cool. i live in the country. i go to school all the time.
there are many lawyers everywhere. i am going to be graduating high school next spring.
do you have any hobbies?
my mom made purple icing, she is a retired vet.
sometimes, but mostly just hang out in my room.
i love it! i am very excited!
i don't know. i will graduate soon though.
i don't have much time to get along with my friends.
i see. what is your favorite color?
i am not sure if i could get into finance
i was, until i decided to become a bookstore clerk.
i live in the us. how about you?
i am not sure i would say that. san francisco is a close second.
i don't really like sushi. i prefer to dance.
what else do you like to do in your spare time?
i am mia. i am an aspiring singer.
i play at the local shelter and volunteer there.
i am in my 20s. do you have any hobbies?
i play the clarinet and the guitar.
no, i am not very athletic, but i try.
my dad was a professional violin player
oh no! what instrument did you play?
no i did not. i went to the shelter with my dad who is a professional violin player
i like to play with my dolls.
well i don't have a dog
yes, she lives right next to me and we play together
i am sure i will. i am only 4
i am sorry to hear that. i live next door to my best friend, so it is not safe.
i hope so. i have a pet turtle.
oh i know, but it is the only thing that will work.
i have a turtle, and i love him.
hi! i am good, i work out and love running.
i don't know what to say to that
i don't know. my dogs keep me busy.
i do! how about you?
why did you move?
i have two pitbulls
what do you do in your spare time
i am doing well. i just got back from the gym. you?
i have two dogs, and they live with me, so i have time to go.
i love the beach too but prefer the gym.
i understand that i need a gym membership
i have one too. he is a pug named corky.
maybe i should go for a run and take my dogs for a walk?
yes, i am a bit of a fitness fanatic.
i don't want any either, we have two dogs, they are so needy
i am good how are you
i am not good at math
oh okay. do you have a good job?
it is. i have to take math class.
my brother is smarter than me and he bullies me about math
yeah i don't like math either
i am not smart enough for that.
i wish math was easier to me.
no. i don't have any.
i love my dog and cat. do you have any pets?
i have a dog and cat. do you have any pets?
i like sci fi movies too. what is mean girls about?
i like the mean girls movie
i like rock and roll, but my cats sing mean girls.
oh, you should come hang out with me
cool! do you like to party?
i am well. just finished eating some french fries. how are you?
i love labs! do you walk a lot?
i love to go on walks. do you like to swim?
i just got out of high school, i am a student. what do you like to eat?
i will make sure to tell them when i go to visit.
i don't have time for rapids. i have to take my walk daily.
i like to eat and drink french fries, i love them!
that is great. i hope you get one.
i am doing well! just got back from the beach!
i am a little mexican. i love food that is not mexican.
i am trying to learn how to cook. i love food.
yes i love documentaries.
that is nice i love food but not a very good cook
i would like to teach cooking. i am pretty amateurish.
i hope so. what do you do for a living?
i am trying to learn how to cook
that is cool! i am a musician, what about you?
oh ok. i am in school in spanish. i want to be a music teacher.
yes. i like them too. do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for fun?
that is great! i hope to be able to do music professionally one day.
what do you do for work?
thank you! do you speak any other languages?
i don't think i could handle that responsibility
hello! i am doing great. how are you?
i am not sure what you mean. i have powers since the surgery
yes it is, i don't belong anywhere.
wow! i am glad you are okay, i was hit by the lightning.
oh no!!!!!!!!!!!! i am pregnant too!!!!!!!!!!
what do you do there?
that would be so cool.
yes, i am feeling much better. how are you?
i am good, i am just relaxing with my nissan pathfinder.
that is a good idea, i am sure there are good places to look for them.
i work at a store called convenience.
yes, it will be organic, i am a manager at convenience store.
oh nice. i have not done any twitter contests yet.
no, i am a man. do you have any pets?
haha. i work as a manager at a convenience store
that is a very interesting hobby.
i am well, just listening to some music
that is a good way to put it.
i have been working construction my entire life. i have seen it all
i like to watch sports
i like tacos too, but i like mexican food best.
construction worker. how about you?
it is fun. i am only 16 so i still have a ways to go.
i am a construction worker.
oh, nice! i am a chef, but not good at cooking. what do you do for a living?
that is great! what is your favorite food?
that is so great! i would love to help you out.
yeah, i am not really a sports fan.
sure! i am not great at cooking though. i do love food. do you?
that is what i tell her... but she is in love with pizza
i am not very good at cooking, i just like to eat
i would not mind trying that.
yes i love to paint and i am also a mini van driver
that is a long time to be on the planet
i am sorry. i am a little bit too busy coaching my son baseball to keep my kids company
you can always rent one
yes, i am a 56 year old woman.
i am not optimistic at all, you are.
that is ok. what do you do in your spare time
yes, i am sure that is true.
hi my name is jim. i am doing ok. how are you?
i work at the register
i am nineteen, i don't have any major plans.
i like to party, do you party?
i am 19 and i don't drink. do you like music?
no, but maybe i should record some.
it is kate. what is your name?
i am doing good. just got back from a dance class. you?
that sounds relaxing. i am taking a dance class soon.
that is good. do you have any children?
i have one dog. he is a golden retriever. what about you?
i bet you have a big garage too.
i am a little older than you but i remember those days.
dancing, i am a dancer. i love to learn new moves
i am from the midwest. where are you from?
i am studying to be a computer programmer
cool. do you swim in a pool?
i am a girl. how about you?
oh, cool! i am from india. my family and i are from there.
yes, but it is my dream job. i am studying to be a computer programmer.
i am not sure if i would like the heat as much as you do.
i agree, i am a bit of a programmer myself so that is very cool.
i appreciate that, thank you. i just want to live freely.
congrats! i am excited to meet you!
my boyfriend and i are moving to a new apartment soon.
i am going to be an elementary teacher. i teach spanish and french.
that is cool, i am a teacher for elementary school aged children
what kind of music do you play?
that is awesome. i teach math and english
cool! do you have any hobbies?
i don't know, i don't like the chrome. i prefer the red and the silver.
good. how are you doing today?
boxes are a lot of work. do you like music?
i have 3 dogs. they are like children lol. what kind of music do you like?
i produce music for a living. what do you teach?
education, i love learning
triplets are cute. what is your favorite food?
that is great. do you have pets? i have a dog named charlie.
i am well. just eating some chocolate candy.
i am not sure really
that is a long time! i am still in kindergarten.
my mom and dad are both in disney, they don't like chocolate
i will try. i have to eat chocolate candy.
i love dogs, they are so cute. i love chocolate. do you like chocolate?
i am 18, how old are you?
i am good how are you
what do you do for work?
that is nice i like the gym
i love the movie friday
i love the walking dead. i also love the walking dead
just looking for work. i am a doctor
i bet! what do you do?
i would love too. do you like to read?
that is awesome! i just started a new job as a guide at my job.
yes! i am an avid kayaker, so i have lots of pictures and videos.
i try to read a lot of books. do you have any hobbies?
that is awesome! i am sorry to hear that
that is very wise
you are welcome. i hope i can be as self aware as you are.
i do! i read a lot about it.
i am great, how are you?
where are you going to school?
congratulations! i am a red head so i have to wear red everything.
that is a great place to live!
christian. i like to listen to classical music. what do you like to eat?
i do, i like football and basketball. do you?
horses are nice, but i like the tractor more.
i am in the united states. do you shop?
i shop for things i need to get to my destination.
i shoplift at the mall
thanks! i will try. i have a new mama visiting me tomorrow.
i plan to shoplift, i am a repeat offender
i am in school now.
i am so sorry to hear that, what is your favorite food
i would like to be a shopper, but i am not.
hi i am doing well thank you
i am more of a book guy. i play call of duty.
i understand that. i have trouble losing weight myself. i am blonde
what kind of things do you make?
i like all bands. i like playing video games too.
i am not sure i am a skinny blonde
thanks, i am trying! i am trying to gain some muscle. i am skinny.
i am not a big cookies fan
just got back from a walk with my pups charlie and he is making noise.
i love cats, i have 2 myself.
that is a lot of hats!
that would be interesting. i have a honda civic that sounds just like it.
i like both! do you like rap music?
yeah. winter is the worst.
i like to listen to music.
i am actually a rapper. i produce music for rappers. do you like rap?
hi. i would like that.
i am a studio engineer. i have a studio here in california.
that is rough, i am sorry. i have kids too. 46 year old single.
i have a job in recording
me too. they are all in different states right now
i agree! i need to take more of a break from it.
i work as an engineer for a company in california.
i am a very happy father. i don't have many children myself, but they are a blessing.
hi bob. i am lucy. i teach elementary school
oh. what happened? what did you guys do?
oh nice. do you like music
he did, he did a few miles then walked back to shore.
i do too. i am an elementary teacher, and i like the sunsets too.
no pets, do you teach? i teach elementary school.
i would love to see one as a pet!
i am sure it will.
hi! no, i am not familiar with tom petty.
nursing. i don't like the college lifestyle.
i am a senior in college, and i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
thank you. i am studying to be a nurse.
i am studying nursing. i don't like it.
youre very welcome, i don't have many friends so that helps
oh wow, that is amazing! do you work?
i am great! i just got my new place. how are you?
that is great! i have been looking for a new place to live
i have step children. they are triplets.
that is great. i just recently moved to the united states.
basketball and football
that is cool. i have never really watched sports before
i live in the united kingdom. i am getting married next week.
i am great. i retired so i can watch war documentaries
no. just me and my cat. what do you like?
i love dogs! i volunteer at a local soup kitchen, and i love dogs.
i love to go for walks, i even volunteer at the local soup kitchen.
i am a retired old school teacher
i am trying. i have been a poor kid my entire life.
i like wine too, but not as much as i like cheeseburgers
i have a kid, he is 8
i am a kid who does not have many friends.
that would be great! what kind of dogs do you have?
i don't have one. i am too young for one.
do you like to exercise?
i have, they say it is because i am a child
that is nice, what kind of dogs do you have?
dogs are great! do you have a job?
i am a 12 year old girl and i hate school, do you have any friends?
i am a language teacher.
oh nice. i just got engaged 2 months ago
he got jealous and tried to eat my fish
yeah, he was a real jerk...
that sounds cool. i am a romantic. i am turning 18 next month.
that is awesome. i like to go for hikes in the mornings to see the sun rise
what else do you enjoy?
that is great! i am an avid hiker, but my passion is languages
i am doing well. just eating a delicious shawarma. how about you?
that is a lot of money. do you like food?
that is cool i am in the army
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you find it soon.
that is awesome. do you have a lot of animals?
oh, wow, i did not go to school. do you like it?
what do you do for a living
that is nice, i am in canada, where are you from?
i do, i have a german shepherd.
my dog is named barnaby. i am terrified of him.
that is cool, i love grey things, like the color of the clouds
i know what you mean my dogs are sick
i am employed by the us postal service so i get free packages.
that is great. do you like to travel?
i am a postal worker, i am afraid of snakes.
what kind of car is your dad driving?
i am not in college. i have a daughter. she is a prodigy.
no. but i am sure i will be seeing some european children pro teams this friday.
i like to go to the park and watch the sun rise and set.
that sounds fun. i am looking for a new job.
i am looking for a job. i don't know where to start.
sounds interesting, is it a traditional dish?
i am. i am an rn. what do you do?
me too! my daughter is a prodigy like me. you like movies?
i am great. how are you?
cool. do you like to eat french fries and burgers?
i would like that! i am not a fan of soda though
i love french fries, they are my favorite. do you like to cook?
i don't drink soda.
that is a good idea, i am sure they will learn quickly.
i am glad you are keeping them busy.
that sounds pretty. what do you study?
yeah i love hummus. my mom is visiting me in a month.
yes i do. i go every summer when i visit my mom.
i am not that good. i shoplift.
no but i have shop lifting skills
thanks. i will watch for that
banana is not a banana, it is a branch
i am sorry to hear that. do you speak german?
i am good how are you
i do too. i am a doctor now and would love to see kids in the hospital.
oh that is terrible. i hope you get out soon
i am not smart either. but i have a daughter that is a prodigy
not as much as i like the park. it is where all my friends and i go.
i hope she is ok, what kind of work do you do?
i enjoy them as well. what kind of music do you like?
i live in california. i am looking for work. i work as a pediatrician.
hello, i am doing great. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
oh that sounds really good!
he is a shih tzu named charlie. do you have any pets?
that sucks. i have a cat named charlie. do you have a dog?
i don't like it. but i have to get by. what about you?
i am a musician and have to work late tonight because i have a job tomorrow.
i do too. i am excited for fall.
i am doing good and you
i have a horse and a few chickens and pigs.
i wish i had time to do that. i have to work all day.
i hope you get to move soon. i am a bit of a city person.
me too. i want to be a lawyer.
that is great. i grew up on a farm. i wish i could have gone to the city.
what do you plan to dye it?
i am good i am a high school kid
i am a surgeon.
i am a boy, i am still a baby, but i feel like i am in a better place
that is sad. what kind of job did you have before?
thank you. do you have any other powers?
you will not believe what i can do with my mind.
i have a lot of friends on there.
oh, i am sorry about that! i hope your kids are ok.
i see a lot on facebook, too. i like to share things i see.
i am good, how are you?
that is awesome, i am a teacher for the homeless
no. i don't have time. i have three kids to feed.
no not really. i do like to volunteer at a local shelter though
i am sorry. i am sure that it does.
i am sorry. where are you? i am in portland.
yes on the beach and sometimes at a shelter.
that is a great place to camp! i like camping too.
that is sad. i am sorry to hear that
i have to donate money to animal rights groups, so i don't eat them.
yeah but it is worth it
oh, i see. what do you do for fun?
i have a job as a shipwright, part time.
you sound like a great parent.
lol... that is pretty crazy...
that sounds scary! i would be scared too!
i am good, how are you?
i am not very outgoing. i am more reserved.
that is great! i like to volunteer at a local shelter with the dogs.
no, i am not very musical. i prefer guitar
thank you. it is hard work but somebody has to do it.
well that is true, i teach piano and play the piano at a homeless shelter
twice a week. my father taught the violin and played for a professional band.
i am good, how are you?
oh no. i am so sorry to hear that.
thank you. i am a teacher, so i know a bit about life.
i love to take pictures of sunsets
i don't have any pets, but my boyfriend and i are moving into an apartment next week.
that is great! i teach in a school, too. elementary.
no, but i am planning to next week. do you travel?
that is a great place to visit!
i cannot. my mind is so tied up.
that is not good. do you watch tv?
what happened? i am sorry
no, i have never seen it.
i like those too. i spend my money on cars and other things i like to do
i see. i spend a lot of money on cars.
i love to socialize and spend money on cars!
great just got a job cleaning out my house
i love cleaning. i am also a big fan of marathons. do you?
i would just eat healthy and lift weights.
what do you do for work
i am a pretty healthy person so i don't eat too much
i like to run marathons, how about you?
they are old and retired.
i enjoy a variety. i enjoy cooking for all my friends and family.
hello, i am rodney and i dance on a moonlight
yes i do. do you have any kids?
oh wow! i don't have a motorcycle. do you like dancing?
yes. i am very strong. i can lift many tons.
yes i am i drink it all the time
no, i don't. but i do like to dance in the moonlight.
i don't like wine but i drink wine and dance on the moonlight
i am good. how are you?
i play with my dolls. i love to paint them.
i don't. i like toys that don't require interaction with people.
that is so cute. do you have a favorite toy? mine is the doll.
sometimes. she likes to watch me play with her doll.
no, i am good, thank you. i am just playing with my doll collection.
i will. do you like halloween?
i would love to, but i have three kids who are eating dinner.
i don't think i would like that.
that sounds nice, i will eat my wife.
three kids, they are so much fun. how many kids do you have?
i love chocolate ice cream!!!
i like to plumber and decorate.
i love to read the bible. what about you?
no i have not. i am more into reading about plumbing than sports.
i love them, i have two of them, do you have any?
wow! i have a dog and a cat.
i love chocolate ice cream.
i like winter too! do you have pets?
i don't watch much sports. i do like running though
wow that is great, i am jealous!
i agree! what is your favorite color?
that is not very nice. i don't like crocodiles
i don't have many friends so i don't have much time to go to the animal shelter.
i don't have many friends. i don't like school.
i am a girl, i am 12 years of age, and still in school
i don't have many friends. i am a kid.
i am too young to donate. i am 12
i am sorry. i did not have many friends growing up, so i don't blame you
i am in high school, i am in the first grade. you?
i am doing well. just finished working as a convenience store manager.
i work as a manager at a convenience store
i like short hair. do you like taylor swift?
i work at a convenience store, i can relate
do you work at all?
i like her too. i am a manager at a convenience store. what do you do?
you will. what is your major?
i am jessica, i have a turtle named turtleneck.
i do. i am not picky on it. what do you like?
that sounds good! i like it with a scoop of ice cream.
i don't have a job right now, but i have a turtle.
what kind of work do you do?
i have a turtle named snoopy
he just walked in the door way
yes, i love music. my favorite is country.
i don't listen to music.
that is a shame. i am a skateboarder and i sell them.
i broke my arm skating, it was so painful!
not if you are young and still want to skate.
oh that is sad. i am sorry.
i am a freelance artist. what about you?
that is why i wear a hat. i will tell them whatever.
that would be so cool! i hope i win.
my parents are gone. i am a single mom of 5
hello how are you today?
oh i am not familiar with computers. do you have siblings?
she is a great person. i have not been able to go to school, though.
we were able to escape. we were both born in the us
thanks, it is a long process, but worth it. where are you from?
i was born in somalia and was forced to marry my cousin
that is great, i am from somalia but live in the states.
i am great how are you
i don't think you are strong either
well, i live in a farm town, where most people don't speak german.
i have always loved hockey
wow! i am a farmer and have seen my fair share of cattle.
they are, i live in a rural area so i don't get to see many sports
i would love to go there. i have always wanted to see a game
i live in a rural area, i don't think i could do that
i am a buddhist. i meditate a lot.
thank you. i am so proud. what do you do for work?
i have never talked to god since i quit my job.
that is very kind of you.
awesome! i hope it works out for you. i am a buddhist
i have not spoken to you in three months
yes, i agree. i am a buddhist, so i am always on edge.
i will have to try that, it is a good meditation.
i am doing great, and yourself?
i don't have a lot of free time. i have a part time job.
i work at a burger king
i am 19 and i am still living with my parents.
no, but i do love to drink
red reminds me of the vampires from the harry potter series.
brown, i like brown
i like blond. i don't drink. i don't think i will ever drink again.
i am good. how are you?
i love the beach! i also like playing with my friends.
i am in the 7th grade, i like to go to disney every year.
that is great i am only in the 3rd grade
i love his movies. what is your favorite movie?
yes i went to disney world in the seventies.
yes i know but i am too young to know
i am a kid, so i don't have many friends
i am well, thanks. just finished my shift at the gym. how are you?
that is cool. i volunteer at a soup kitchen
i am a retired teacher. i go to a few different ones
that is too bad. i love cats. i volunteer at a soup kitchen.
wow that is a lot. i volunteer at a soup kitchen for cats
i am not a person i just like to watch people eat
yes, but i am old and it is hard
i don't have any pets, but i do watch a lot of war documentaries.
hi i am pregnant and working in a fertility clinic
that is so cute! my first child will be my first born!
i love reading and running. i also have a new job training people to run.
my husband and i have been together 3 months. yes i did.
that s awesome. do you have a favorite book?
that is great! what do you want to go for college?
i am 24. i have been a mommy for my first kid.
i know, i just want to have the child.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
i live in the midwest. i am a dad of two.
no i don't. i have a daughter that just started school
i am a horror movie lover, so i have got 3 as well
not really. i am just going to be home watching horror movies.
i am. my dad is. i was at home depot for 10 years.
i have to be on the safe side
i teach at the elementary school
i teach in a school.
that is cool, do you like it?
me too! i love taking pictures of my new apartment
they are. my boyfriend and i are taking pictures of our apartment.
no pets, i teach first grade in the usa
i have a dog. he is very small. i love taking pictures of him.
i am great! just got done watching a movie. what are you up to?
i am glad you are ok, i have been watching a lot of tv
triplets are the best! do you have a car?
no i am single. i spend a lot of time watching tv though
congratulations! i have been married for 2 years and we have two children.
i have never had a relationship that was not steady.
i am in school right now
i work from home. i am a teacher. do you have kids?
its going good, just finished a farm ride on my horses
that would be nice. i am from a small town.
i am not sure if i have ever been to mexico. i have family that has horses.
i bet. do you have a favorite place to visit?
i am from a small town. i don't like malls.
yes hopefully. what do you do for fun
i have never been. i will have to look it up.
i do like some country, but i prefer hip hop
oh cool. what is your favorite color?
no i am not famous but i have a goal to be a physiologist
mine is very nice. i am going to run a marathon next year!
i am not much of a runner, i like to play tennis
no, i just want to be a physical therapist
that sounds cool! i would love to be a physical therapist
great just got in from the park with my friends
i don't have time for that
that is a bummer. do you go to disney world a lot?
oh. i love to go every year
i have not, but i play with my friends.
i am not a big builder, but i like to play with friends on the playground.
that is fun. i am not sure.
hi! i am good. how are you?
what kind of music do you like
cool! i teach elementary school.
what kind of music do you like?
yes, my parents teach there.
yes it is. i am a teacher, so i have a lot of kids.
i am a teacher at a elementary school, i teach 5th grade.
they are very cool and i love them.
i am in texas. how about you?
there are some good ones.
oh. do you work? i am a manager at a grocery store.
oh, well maybe you should go back to work?
i like country music. i love taylor swift.
i don't know much about her.
i have never heard of that rapper before
haha. i am not sure really. i am more into country.
i am doing good, and no, i am not a metal head.
i am from the united states. i was born in kansas.
yes, i am a boy.
i think i was born with my heart in my body.
i was born with my heart outside my body.
i can swim. my body was not properly developed.
i don't need to brush up on skills, i am just born this way
thank you. what else are you into?
that is awesome! do you have a job?
i am good how are you
no they did not, it was a very scary clown
i don't think about that at all, i am terrified of clowns
i don't know who that is
what industry do you work in? i am a gas station attendant.
well, i have a lot of issues and i am terrified of clowns
i am sorry. i am not sure how to help you there.
i used to work for home but now i just stay home and paint.
that sounds fun! i am 56 years old, how old are you?
what do you like doing for fun?
no not at all i don't
i am 56 years old
i am sure you are not the only one.
yes. i am a stay at home mom so they stay with me a lot
i have two kids who never visit. i guess i can be a housekeeper.
sure. what is it? i am not drinking soda today.
congratulations! i am due in a couple weeks. do you have any hobbies?
i like to walk a lot and i love fries.
i have to eat so many french fries, i love them.
i know, i am so disappointed.
i don't drink it either. i don't like the stuff
that sounds like it could be nice.
i like to listen to britney spears
i am a nurse and i am on a diet.
interesting, i have a job as a doctor.
that is interesting. do you enjoy it?
well i am a huge fan of britney spears.
i like spending money on things that are not maintenance.
yes, i love reading, especially biographies.
i don't like to read. i like to tan.
i just got done shopping for my favorite shoes. how about you?
i am a watch dealer, i love to shop.
oh nice! do you have any hobbies?
i just have not seen the right person yet. i work for a watch dealer
i love the look of those.
just cars. i love listening to music.
i am not really a fan of country music. i love pop and r b
yes i love shopping for things i love
hi, i am a boyo?
i love britney spears she is so hot
i recently lost my job and now i am trying to save up to buy a new one
i work in the insurance industry, how about you?
it is decent. it is hard to get a job because of my father in the army.
true. i just wish i had gone into the insurance business instead of the army
not so much. i just like the outdoors.
oh. i work as an insurance salesman in a field i enjoy.
hi bob. i am sarah. i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream, and also like cats.
i am doing well, just eating some ice cream
i have over 1000 hats i just cannot seem to get rid of them all
i like britney spears. i collect over 1000 different hats, i love collecting.
i have over 1000 of those. i am not a big fan of wearing them
do you like cats, my 2 cats are obsessed with them!
oh that sounds good. i have a chocolate ice cream collection.
that is no good, i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream, and i am trying to curb it.
cool. my name is larry and i am a chef.
i do! i am actually a huge fan of them!
i like swimming and horseback riding.
i am a college student.
nice. do you have any hobbies?
oh, cool. that is awesome!
that is awesome! what do you do in your spare time?
that is good. i like to fish and read comic books.
i am in the us. i am not a very good actor though.
i love hiking and climbing rocks. i like to play video games
cool. what did you study?
me too. i am addicted to playing games online. you?
red heads are hot! i dyed mine yesterday
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you are very strong.
that is cool i love science
that is awesome, do you have any hobbies?
i do! do you? i have never ridden one.
no, i moved to the country when i was a teenager.
that is a hard career to break into. i am a bee farmer
she is a senior in high school.
i love to eat them. i am a farmer
i am sorry you have to live in such a small town.
thanks! you too! you must be smart. i am a beekeeper
its pretty cool. my family is super nice and help me a lot with the farm.
i love to dance. i donate a lot of money to charity.
that is nice. do you work? i work as a shipyard attendant
yes i do, she is my mom.
oh that is cool! i love the color navy blue
i don't dance, but i love volunteering for charity. do you?
yes, i do, and they are the best.
same here, have a great day!
i volunteer with the local animal shelter
i am great. just eating some garlic bread, my favorite. you?
i like to run. i have a lot of trophies in gymnastics.
i am 24. do you have any children?
that is a good color. i like the color pink
i love to eat all kinds of food, but my favorite is greek.
i have no best friend. but i do like pizza and pasta
lol. i like to eat all the food
i am good. i am in italy.
yes i do i love the band queens of the stone age. do you like music?
i am a professional bee farmer and love my job. i am also a model from italy
that is great. do you have any family?
yeah i don't have a family that i really like, but it does the job
yeah, i like classical music and pop music
oh i love lobster!! i would love a lobster roll
yeah i love seafood. i am a beekeeper so i am always on the lookout for it.
i am fine. how are you?
oh, where do you live?
i live in the city. i am in a condo. you?
i am in texas, i am a construction worker
i bet, i just got a job construction
i don't have one, do you?
inside. i love my five cats.
hi! i am great. i have two children, and they are wonderful. you?
what is the book called?
i am 56 years old, and still have a lot of kids to care for.
no. i don't have time with my two grown children.
i agree. i have two grown children that have never come by.
i love art and painting, so i guess i would have to say bob ross.
no i don't, i like painting but not that much into it
good morning! i am 60 and have wonderful grandchildren!
no pets. i don't have the money for one.
i am sorry to hear that. what else do you do for fun?
it did, i have amazing children and grandchildren now, and i enjoy taking my grandchildren out to the lake
no, i don't have a computer, so i don't. i am a very grand child though.
i like to go out and enjoy the nature. i have a huge garden.
yes i am. how about you?
i hope so, i have a great grandkid.
i am well. how are you?
i like to play chess too, but i am not very good
i don't have any pets. i am four.
they are spoiled. i am four so they are spoiled.
i am sorry, do you have siblings?
i like blue, like the color of the sky
me too, i love chocolate candy.
wow, that is great that you have kept that close to him.
i am doing well, thank you. how are you doing?
that is awesome, i am just working on a project for a robot
i am a huge gamer. i love starcraft
i like the color yellow. i also like to wear a lot of jewelry.
that sounds yummy! what do you do for fun?
i am going to have to go and make myself a bowl of spaghetti.
that does sound like hard work. i am more of a relaxed type.
no, we need to build more.
it is going good. just watching a documentary.
i am watching some old war documentaries
i bet you look great. i am retired, but i still eat healthy.
i had to work in the gym, but i loved it.
that is a good one. i like to watch war documentaries.
yes i feel much better. i feel much more alive.
i am not rich. i am just a retired teacher who volunteers at the soup kitchen.
i am from the united states, but i live in a small house.
i walk around the neighborhood, mostly in parks.
i like to eat french fries and drink soda.
i have not really told you, but maybe sugar is part of it.
i have to take a walk everyday to help with my diet
that is sad. i am sorry. i like to eat french fries and drink soda.
i don't like the noise.
i think so, he tells me when i need to take a walk
i am good. how are you?
no. what is it about?
i do. i sing songs from it all the time at school
that is funny! i like to sing songs from the movie frozen
i love that movie, but it is not from the frozen movie.
what is your favorite disney movie?
do you have a favorite disney movie? mine is frozen.
hello travis. i am josh. i am a gymnast, but my favorite sport is olympa
i am good thanks for asking
that is nice i have a mini van too, i love it.
i drink a lot of tea and coffee too
i don't drink much wine. too busy working out, but love to eat.
i love red wine. what else do you enjoy?
i love to workout, what do you do?
what do you do in your free time?
i am well, how are you?
no. i have my facebook turned on all day. i am on my treadmill now.
i don't believe in god, i just like to live a lie.
i do. i don't believe in god though
oh ok. do you believe in god?
we have been together for 6 years now. she is a scientologist.
i love dogs too, but my wife left me and took our kids.
those are beautiful dogs. my kids would love a dog.
hi, i am fine, just working on some law homework
i want to be a lawyer like my family did
no, i don't. i have to wait until i am older to start school.
no, i prefer the books. i have not seen the movie.
i love horses, but they are a bit expensive to care for
that sounds so cool! i love horses.
it was! i am hoping to move to the city so i can do that
hi i am mary, i just got home from work.
hi. i don't like chocolate, it is gross. i sell cars.
i like singing too... but i am not good at it
i am 40... i don't know abc song. i sell cars for a living
that is cool. do you work?
you too! have a great day!
i try but i hate it.
i hate my job, but i am trying to get a better one.
i am good how are you?
triplets are great! do you have any hobbies?
i will, i am going to go horse riding this weekend.
i am from a small town.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any other hobbies?
it does not. i have a horse for a wife and a 4 year old son.
i am sorry, do you live in a major city?
oh, i have always wanted to visit. i grew up on a farm, on horse.
i am doing well and you?
i don't, i don't have much time for it
yes i do have to walk a lot of dogs. what do you do?
that sounds delicious! do you have a favorite place to eat?
i live in alabama. i love the ocean.
i have a few dogs and they keep me company. what do you like to do?
that would be great, i hope so
that is very true. maybe one day i will take my dogs for a walk.
hello, how are you doing today?
i have been arrested. i have five cats. five.
well, i am an artist. i am working on building my own shop right now.
you could just talk to him. he is a great man.
i build things. i love to be creative.
oh wow. i am not familiar with cat toys.
no kids yet. i want a few cats though
i am not sure, i am still very young.
i am great. how are you?
i am a college student who is a bartender. how about you?
i recently moved to a new apartment with my best friend, she lives there too
no, i don't. i don't like pets
cool! i recently got a new apartment, so i am trying to get my life together.
leo is a great name. jazzy is a great name for a cat!
i am 5 11 an have blue eyes
its going good. just watching a movie on netflix. how about you?
i like documentaries. what is the gig gonna be?
i don't have any either but i am pregnant.
i have a cat named radar
it is but it pays the bills
3 months. i am pregnant and have been at home with my husband for the last 3 months.
i am nervous... i have been working three jobs to support the family.
no but i love peaches! what kind of song is it?
yes, i was working in my art class
oh that sounds fun. what kind of dog do you have?
fish tacos are the best, my weakness! what are you up to tonight?
i am. my pops is here visiting from europe. i visit often.
i am an artist. i am majoring in art.
i am an art major. i am wordy because i am slow.
what is your favorite food
hey, i am great. i was just mountain biking.
i have never had a watch before
i bet. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. i love shoes but i hate the color pink
i don't drink alcohol either
i have never tried that, is it easy to sell?
oh, i see. i don't drink alcohol either.
i am good how are you
i am only 59, so i can handle math. i don't like to do it much.
that is cool, i am a soccer player for a school.
i don't think i have ever been to the states
i go to my high school, i have not gone to college
yes it is. i also like to go to the park
i do, she is the best!
thanks. i don't have much time for them though. they are too busy with soccer.
i am great. just watching an olympa.
i am not into horses but i do have a dog
oh yes they do! i have two myself.
i agree, i have a dog who helps me out
i like to go for long walks on sunny days.
do you have any pets? i have a dog.
oh no, i don't like music.
yes, i am sure that is true. do you like to travel?
i am not into music much, but i do like to run and rowing
i don't listen to rock music much, more country.
i don't work out but i love to run! i do a lot of rowing too.
no, i am not in school. i just do whatever i want to do.
i went for a business administration major.
that is a good thing to watch. i do the treadmill and rowing machine
i love my long hair, but i have to go to the gym soon. what do you like to do?
about 3 inches. i am a lady, after all!
hi. i am great, how about you?
i am watching a movie. do you like music?
i like to listen to music
what do you do for work
that must have been hard!
i work as a waitress. what do you do?
i love music. i like aerosmith, and you?
i am well how are you?
i understand that completely. what are your hobbies?
i don't eat soda, so i don't know what that is
i am not a drinker so it is good for me.
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure you have a good boyfriend
i am trying! what do you do?
well, it is my job to make sure that does not happen.
i don't like to drink soda
i am hoping to move to the city to do some law work.
i am from a small town.
do you have horses? i want to move to the city.
traveling is cool, i like to go to the city to practice law.
i understand that. i am also retired. i just want to move to the city.
that sounds good. i am ready to get back on my horse.
that is cool. my dream is to move to the city.
no, i don't want to get fat, i want to move to the city.
i am doing well and how are you?
i love to play games and watch netflix. how about you?
i gamble my college dollars away.
i work at a local bar to pay for college
i like to go to the bar and play the drums
i work at a club where they serve wings during the day
i am in college to be a nurse. i don't have a lot of time for relationships
no, a girl. do you have any pets?
just working on some client paperwork. how are you?
i grew up on a farm and we had a string player.
thanks. what do you do for a living?
i grew up on a farm, my father played guitar
that is awesome, i would love to help out with that.
yes it is. i am hoping to go to the city to settle down.
i wish i could fit in an eleva
no, i grew up on the farm, where i grew up with horses
i am good. just got off work from the tennis courts.
wow that is a very rewarding career
i bet, my family has been growing for a while, we are going to have kids soon
disney is great. my husband and i have been there a few times with our kids.
what is your favorite book? i enjoy a good book with a nice, long walk on the beach
i have been doing it for a few years, but it is really getting to me.
yes, i love to go to the beach and walk my dog. you?
i don't see them often enough. i do have to walk my dog every morning.
i am great. i just finished working.
i love cats! i have two myself, and they love me.
i love cats!!! i am a construction worker.
wow! i only have 1, and it is a bently.
no, i have not. but i like to watch them. i am a construction worker.
i like to watch nascar and like to go to ufc fights.
yes it is. what do you do in your free time?
i love mexican food! i am addicted!
i am good, how are you?
i am good, i am in cali right now.
haha! yes, you get points! i am looking for a new restaurant near me, preferably in nyc!
i have been searching all over, but no luck so far.
that is great i am looking for a restaurant job
my mother is a dentist.
i am not sure what i want to do after highschool.
hi, i am great. just playing with my dolls.
hey roddy. i am a four year old boy
i am sure you have some good ones at the deli counter.
that is cool. i have a best friend
that is so cute! i like to play with dolls. do you?
i am a four year old, and he does not want one
maybe. i would have to ask my friend.
i love gambling! i have a doll collection at home.
hello, i am doing very well, how about yourself?
no, my wife and kids are the best in the world
wow that is a lot, do you plumb?
oh that sounds nice. what do you do for work?
plumber, i am a plumber, what do you do?
chocolate with banana cream pie.
chocolate with vanilla cream and ice cream
i like meat too, but i like pizza the best.
yes! i love riding horses!
yes it does. i am glad to hear that. i also enjoy marathons.
i love horseback riding, i am a bit of a cancer survivor myself.
cool! what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. my parents are both cancer survivors.
thank you! i am glad she survived cancer
i am sorry, but cancer has destroyed me. i am not the person i used to be.
oh no i am sorry... do you have family to talk to?
i understand that i am a young adult and i am still upset holidays are coming
no i am not a pet person, and you?
i love food. and travel
haha, that is funny. i love to cook, but i am terrible at it.
i don't own a house but i own my yacht
i am a 23 year old male.
hey jefferson! i am in love with donuts, what about you?
i work for a local phone company
not really. i spend my time playing call of duty instead
what kind of video games do you play
what city are you from?
i bet it is i play it a lot
yeah i am not really a fan
what is your favorite food?
i love working out, i go for a hike in the morning every morning.
that is nice. i live in colorado. i like the mountains
nice! i have been to washington a few times, it is a nice place.
i am a big fan of hiking.
yes, that is what i tell my friends, lol
sounds great! i have to go work on my mechanical engineering exam today.
yeah, i live in colorado. that way, i can hike all day while i am in colorado.
sounds great. we will be up in colorado.
i am good how are you?
i work at the grocery store
that is awesome. do you enjoy it?
that is awesome. i am a music teacher. do you play an instrument?
i am not sure if i would be able to play that. i am a pianist.
i hope so too, i have a hard time fitting in with them.
i don't know. what do you want?
my parents don't support my singing. they don't like the folk music i sing.
i am well, just eating some garlic bread and listening to some music.
i don't paint, but i like to eat italian.
i like all music. i listen to it on my four hour a day workout.
it is a sport. i have a medal in it.
mexican food is delicious! what do you do for a living?
i am in gymnastics, i am gold medalist
no but i am a gold medalist in gymnastics
i like them, but not as much as gymnastics
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i am a retired vet.
i have two dogs, they are retrievers. what are you into?
i have. it is a great time. i go to a lot of country concerts.
i have a couple vintage mustangs. they are my favorite.
i love classic cars, i have two.
that is young! do you have any hobbies?
i am a country music lover.
oh, that is terrible. what kind of surgery was it?
that is a good choice. you will not regret that.
i bet that was tough. do you have any hobbies?
that is not healthy. i play a lot of call of duty
i would love to go to mexico and china.
i have a very strange obsession with donuts.
maybe, what else do you like?
i like to live action role play.
no, i did not. that is interesting. i am a girl.
i like to spend my money on pogo. i play it a lot.
you must be rich.
nice! i don't like school. i wish i did not have to do it
that is what i am doing. i am going to be a model when i grow up.
oh. do you have any siblings? i don't have many.
i like to play video games, i am a teen girl
yes, i am. i also have a lot of friends.
hi, i have a hat collection of over 2000.
i am fat too! i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream
oh no, ladders? that is a lot of exercise! i am a bit of a fitness fanatic myself.
oh, do you compete in ice cream? i have over 1000 of them
thank you! do you like to eat chocolate?
i like orange too! what do you do for a living?
i am the same way. i just cannot get enough of winter.
no kids. do you like the park?
true. i am a doctor, what do you do?
it is not. my husband is not a fan of horror movies.
i am a doctor now
they are very strict with their rules.
yes, that is what i meant. i am a derp.
oh that is sad. i am so sorry.
i love the shed! what is your favorite color?
i am great, how are you?
cancer cannot beat anyone, but it could beat your kids.
that is wonderful! i hope that works for you.
it is ok i guess, my wife hates it, but we are both very healthy.
i would like to be a grandmother someday.
i am majoring in it right now. i am a student
i enjoy classical and jazz.
that is a good show. do you eat a raw diet?
i am doing well, how about yourself?
it was! so happy my boyfriend and i are moving in together next week.
i like to live life to the fullest
i have a dog but i love cats.
my boyfriend and i are moving to a apartment together next week
lol. do you live with your boyfriend?
english, spanish, french. i teach elementary school, what about you?
i am not a party person but i love a good party!
i am good, how are you?
it is about a man and a woman who live in pennsylvania with their first child.
its very good, i recommend it
i love to garden too! i have plants in my garden.
i do. i am pregnant and my husband and i are going to the weekly meeting.
i am a homebody, but i am also pregnant with my first child
wow, massachusetts. do you like any of the new stuff coming out of new york?
i am good. just got home from my dance class. you?
i love anything orange. what about you?
yes i don't care about food.
i just don't care about the color orange
i love to dance on weekends.
oh no, i am sorry. do you have any other pets?
i don't. do you?
yes i have 2 dogs
yes i am a chef, how about yourself?
oh nice. i love running marathons but i also enjoy fishing.
comics, and you?
me too. i am a chef so i am all about clean eating.
i love to go fishing with my husband, he is a detective.
that is so nice of you, i hope it helped.
wow that is great! cancer is a hard thing to come back from
no problem. i love to cook but love fishing too
i am, i just had my favorite snack, my favorite food.
i am a waitress during the day to make a little extra money
well, i am a waitress so that is something i do every day.
i agree, but i don't want to get fat.
i am hoping so, i am a waitress at a local restaurant.
it is a good way to eat.
you are right! what do you do? i work as a waitress.
great! how are you today?
i work at a museum in my city.
no, that is not what i am. i am a museum tour guide
i am a curator at the local museum.
mostly plant based, no meat or animal products. i am a vegetarian.
that is good for you. i wish i was as fortunate.
no i don't but i could
i will have to check them out. i am a bit of a librarian so i have lots of books
hi, i am well. where do you live?
no, but i love folk music. you?
that is awesome. what is your favorite song to play?
i play piano and guitar. i am also a musician.
i am not good but i do my part to help pay the bills
that is funny, i am not very good at it, i am more of a guitar and singing kinda guy
what school do you attend? i am a musician, so i travel with my band
i hope so. i am sure i will make it
good and you?
nice to meet you, i am jesse. nice to meet you too
i have cats and they are like my kids
i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream. do you have a weakness?
coffee is great! i love vanilla ice cream.
nice. i collect hats. i have over 1000 now!
that is nice. i have a van i enjoy to eat vanilla ice cream
nice! i have a huge hat collection. i have a lot of vintage ones.
i am doing great, just got home from work. how are you?
that is not fun, i just finished building my house
that is cool, i work construction
oh that is cool. my five cats keep me busy!
yeah it was great, i love to be creative
it was a long time ago, i just miss my cats
yes, but it is worth it. i love my job
i have only had one sip, it was a little too sweet for me.
hello. how are you doing today?
that is cool, what was your major?
i have lived in many places. i am from chicago.
that is nice. i don't have a job but i enjoy running.
that sucks. maybe you could get a dog.
i like my short hair. it helps me be more mobile while rowing.
what do you mean finance?
that is awesome! i love dogs, what breed?
i am great. just got in from working at a bar.
i live in the us now. i have a place here with my best friend.
i am a male. blonde hair and blue eyes.
i don't know if you saw but i am getting married tonight.
you must be a pizza lover then
i am a bartender. it is a good job to have.
i like to hang with my best friend. she lives close by.
i am good. just bought my first home.
i have a twin, i am so ready to get married!
oh. i just got my first home.
ohio is great. my twin girls just moved there last month.
i have been to canada a few times.
i have been spending a lot of time with them
i am expecting twins soon
that would be fun. i just bought a new home so i am excited.
i am great, how are you?
that does not sound like fun. i am sorry to hear that.
what do you do for fun? i enjoy sports, but i also enjoy cooking.
i have a house on the farm. i have a small garden.
oh, sorry to hear that. i am a stay at home wife with two kids and a cat.
i hope you will. what kind of job do you have
i am good thanks for asking. i am a stay at home mom.
you are very welcome, what do you do for work?
sure, i am from yale, graduated 2011.
i am a student studying business. my parents are very rich and they are very powerful.
i am studying finance. my parents are very rich.
nice. i hope you do well in fran
travel is fun. i am rich and i like it.
i like to go to the mall and shop.
i am in my band at yale, i have a degree in finance
no i don't like music
i love to eat out with friends and family.
i love to go out and eat with friends.
that sounds fun. what kind of roleplaying do you like?
i love playing video games, i play it with friends.
that is fun, i love to go out with friends
i work at a school, i teach kindergarten.
i drive a toyota camry, it is a little older. do you drive a truck?
that is a good car. i have been thinking of getting a ford.
i am 20 years old
i love the ghostbusters. i love watching those shows on tv.
i don't play much. i am too busy working.
the one that goes, i am so happy! i like the song, what are you doing?
yes, i am a student. do you have a car?
yes, it is. i have to shop at the store. what do you do for work?
i do, i love all sorts of things.
the little red corvette that i sometimes drive around.
i am well. how are you?
i am doing the same, i am going to play some star wars games tonight.
i am jealous. i am not going to paris but i would love to visit the louvre
i am a college football player
i am a writer. i am also a star wars fan
wow, i would love to go dancing with you.
what breed of dog is it?
wow! that is a lot of animals!
watching a movie with my best friend.
i own an yacht and i walk my dogs.
i am a bit of a foodie, but no. i am not a chef.
i am in california, what about you?
no. i have been everywhere.
oh, i am in new jersey. i have been everywhere
i do, i have been traveling the world on it, and i am not that great at it.
i have been drinking a lot of wine this morning.
that is cool. i am retired, but i have great grandchildren and grandkids
that is a lot of boys. i have a few grand kids
that is awesome, do you enjoy sewing your own clothes?
i love coffee!!! i have a cup every morning after work!
thanks! what do you do for a living?
that is great! i have two sons that are grown.
yes, i do too, but my grandchildren and children love drama too!
i am doing well and you
i was shopping earlier.
i love the mountains and the snow
i am a dancer.
i like to dance a lot.
i dance a lot
i have been married for 6 years.
what is your favorite food?
i am well thank you. how about you?
that is a lot of hard work. i bet you get tired of it.
no pets. i don't want to be reminded of that dark time.
i love cats. my wife is allergic to them.
i have two kids and a job.
i work at a local grocery store.
oh, that is cool. do you like it?
i am going to see the stones tonight, they are my favorite.
i do too! what are your favorite?
that is cool. my dad is from pennsylvania and i live with him.
i work for the postal service.
yes they are. they are a handful.
that is cool i have a german shepherd she is so cute.
yeah, my dad was a famous car salesman
i love grey!!!!!!!
oh my gosh. i am so sorry. my dog and i have a pact
i love dogs. my lab is named trooper
wow that is so cool!! i am not into models much.
sure, what color is your hair?
i live in colorado. where do you live?
oh that is cool. i am an engineer for a big corporation
i love hiking, i even named my dog trooper because i love hiking.
i love animals. i have a lab, and a cat.
i have a black lab, and i love her, but i cannot have any more
yes i do. i am a fan.
yes i am, i love cuddling my dog trooper
i love it. i go hiking in the spring and it is great for the body.
me too. i have a black lab. he is so cute.
i am in colorado. i love the heat. do you have any pets?
oh okay, do you go to a lot of clubs?
he loves tacos. i do too. what is your favorite activity?
oh no, i am sorry. i have been up all night working on my mechanical keyboard.
i am doing well, how are you?
i like to dance to old school hip hop
well, that sucks! what did you do to get him to come to you?
i am. i love it! what is your favorite dance?
i like hip hop. i like old school rap too.
i love my easy bake oven!
i like hot dogs and hot wings.
i love fruit loops.
hi jo! i am alex. what are you up to?
wow that is amazing! i am a runner so i don't have time for sports.
oh nice! do you like to hike?
i love rock climbing and hiking
i don't eat it because i don't like the color
what do you do for a living?
i have a mechanic friend, he is really helpful.
it is beautiful. what is your favorite color?
i am good. just got done eating dinner. i had a delicious pizza
my name is jace and i produce music for a living
nice. i produce music for artists. do you like music?
wow, that is impressive. i have never heard of that
do you like music? i like rap
yeah, that is what i had earlier, i was listening to rap music.
it is a brand of candy. i am a rapper
i am doing well, how are you?
i am in a band. do you like music?
i produce music for an artist. i own a honda civic.
a 2016 civic. it is great, you?
no, i work in the studio, i produce music
yes, i have my own studio and live with my parents.
i love the art museums. i have seen some amazing pieces from the new ones.
i want a mansion, and i want to live in it.
no problem. what else do you like to do?
hello, i drive a toyota camry. how about yourself?
nice! i am a musician. i play guitar, drums, piano, guitar, drums.
no, i don't have any pets. do you speak any other languages?
what do you do for work?
i love labs, i have one named sirius.
do you believe in a higher power?
i see. i am a musician and i work in spanish.
i live in the midwest
i have been scared of spiders. i live in the midwest now.
i am a huge gamer. i love sports!
that is cool i like to play games.
i understand that, i am in shape but drive crazy.
i understand that, what are you favorite things to do?
i am a stay at home mom, so we don't have coverage for accidents.
i am sorry. what happened to your car?
yes, i am a musician, so i am into lots of music!
cool. i am a musician, but i am studying spanish.
i love paella too. my favorite is trabajo.
that is interesting. my next language to learn is french.
i have never left the us before.
oh no. that is not good.
thanks. i am trying to get my french language degree.
that is a great place to be. do you enjoy it?
that is cool i am a musician
i am a musician, and play music in spanish.
i hear you. i am a musician, but i am also studying languages.
that is great, do you have any other hobbies?
i am a student of languages. i am also a musician.
i really love german, french, and spanish.
true. so i study a lot of different languages, you know?
i am great, just got done playing with my dolls. how are you?
nice! do you have a favorite color?
yes i have a turtle and a cat
yes, a four year old.
i don't eat pizza, do you like turtles? i have a turtle.
i don't like them. i like to play with my dolls though
oh cool! i don't work, i stay at home with my turtles.
ll. i don't eat pizza but i would pick up a turtle for you.
i am going to. i have turtles, i can bring them.
you too. bye
i am good. how are you doing today?
what are your favorite donuts
i am in school, so i can not work.
it is a video game. i play it on weekends.
it is. do you have any hobbies?
i love the band insane clown posse. i am a part of their tour.
that is a very long time
that is awesome. i am glad you got to meet her
i have a big lawn but i love mowing it on sunny days
retired. just like my husband.
retired from a casino
i am sorry to hear that. i am retired now.
no pets, do you have a job?
i am a retired vet, i love to take my dogs for long walks on sunny days
that is true, i don't have to worry about them anymore
i am doing very well, how are you?
wow, i am a veteran. i have been stationed in canada for over 10 years now.
i am from canada. my grandfather served in the us in the wwii
yes i did, i was in the army so i had a lot of pizza
yes. he was in wwii, and in wwii i was a soldier.
do you know what army stands for?
oh that is awesome. i love being active
good. just walked around my block, so i am good. how about you?
i love eating french fries, i am a big fan of them.
oh, that is sad. you should take him on walks.
what is your favorite food?
i like them, but don't partake in them. i like to drink though.
that is a good day, i like to watch the moon rise.
that is cool, i like to eat french fries and drink soda.
sorry to hear that. what do you enjoy doing?
i am great! just got a new watch today!
i don't know, i am a watch salesman. maybe that is why.
i don't know. i just like to shop and find things
that sounds fun! i love shopping for things like shoes and watches.
i work at a watch shop. what do you do?
yeah, that is why i work as a watch dealer, to make money.
you should look into getting a quartz watch.
i like to read a lot.
yes i can tell you i like horses. i have one named charlie
my horses are named charlie and kiki.
mostly chicken and rice, but they do have a wide variety of animals.
i am not sure what he eats. i am a producer for a living.
cool! do you have any pets?
i love listening to music and hanging out with my pets!
i love rock and roll, what about you?
i like all kinds, what about you?
i am doing well, just working out, and you?
cool! i am a waitress.
i like playing with my motorbike. i ride it to the track.
i like the way you think! i am thinking about buying a motorcycle to help with my expenses
oh wow! you must be young and in high school?
i understand. what do you want to sing?
i like to dance to folk music.
oh, i see. i am a waitress, so i don't have much time to play.
i am well and you?
that is so cool. i am retired now, but i used to do a lot of designing.
i have not heard of that game before. what is it?
oh no! do you have any grandchildren?
i like robots. i am retired.
i would love to see that
i have a huge garden and i love to sew my clothes
i enjoy sewing, and i have wonderful children and grandchildren
i am good. how about you?
that is so cool. i hope i am not too old to be a judge one day
that is funny, but i have not heard of that.
no, i just like being around animals and helping them.
oh my god, that is not good
no, i am not. i am an animal activist.
no. they are too young to go out and get them.
that is sad i am sorry. do you live in the city?
hello. how are you?
i am a teacher at a school. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i see, what kind of spirituality is that?
that is great. i love spending time with my friends.
in spring. the weather is wonderful.
i live in new york, how about you?
oh nice. do you enjoy eating out? i love it
that is cool. i love eating out with friends
good. i am getting married in the spring.
i like him too. i am getting married in spring.
what do you do for a living?
that is a cool one. what is your favorite food?
yes it is! and yes...
that is cool i like to eat out
i like blue. you?
my favorite color is pink and i like to eat out.
hello! i am doing well, just got back from work.
why? what crime were you involved in?
oh, i am sorry. i am a little jealous
oh no! i am sure you will get out soon. i coach little league
i am sorry to hear that, what do you do for fun?
i am old too but i still love my van.
that is cool. i have a mini van that i drive to the ball game
oh, i love reading. especially when i have a glass of wine.
hi i am doing good just got a new apartment
thank you so much! i really hope you have a great time too!
cool! i have a dog named charlie. i have always wanted to meet an artist!
wow! that is a lot of rappers.
that is a shame. you must be really healthy.
wow! that is an impressive number of bf.
i don't know....... i just don't like the song..
i hope so. i have got my best friend.
hello i am a child from the late 80s
that is awesome, what kind of a job is that?
i like hip hop, but not as much as old school
they don't terrify me. they terrify all those who have seen them.
i know how you feel! i was born in the early 80s and he still gets me.
that is amazing! do you have any other hobbies?
that is nice. do you like music?
i love to make jewelry and old school hip hop music
i am doing well, thanks. how are you?
i don't mind random, i love to paint
my dog is my best friend
retired from farming. what about you?
i am not a big person but i love my dog
i hope so. so what are some of your hobbies?
oh yeah, me too. i love to go to the mountains and explore.
i am doing good, just finished my morning beekeeping duties.
i love tea! my family loves to eat italian food.
i am a very boring person
i have never been there. is it really beautiful?
i am. i love tending to the bees
yeah. i am very close to them and have a lot of them.
i am allergic to bees. i have never read a book with a bee in it.
i love to go camping and watch movies.
i am a very bad liar. they don't like that i have not married them yet.
i am not sure. i don't see them much.
yes i do. what is going on?
thanks. i have been trying to get close to them but its tough.
it was nice talking to you as well, have a good one!
oh nice! i do too, but mostly at the gym.
i love the color orange. what else do you like?
i don't have a job yet. i want to be in shape like you.
cool! do you have a car? i have a sweet car
i love band shirts and ribbons.
i am a skinny blonde with really short hair, what do you do for work?
i am in the usa. new york is too hot for me
yes! i have been thinking about it. what about you?
i am well! just got back from a mountain bike ride, how about you?
congratulations on that. i work at a construction site
i work construction. what about you?
i love burgers too. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice of them.
oh no i am so sorry. i am sure they will come around.
i am used to it, i have mountain bike all the time.
i like mountain biking. i am a big coffee drinker. i am also a mountain biker.
i am doing well. i just got done sewing my own clothes.
that is nice. i am retired but i still enjoy sewing.
that is true. i have amazing grandchildren, and they provide all the fun stuff.
what do you like to do in your free time?
it would, and i can enjoy my life.
its okay, i still enjoy sewing my own clothes
yes, i have great grandchildren and wonderful children as well.
that is a lot of people, i am glad you have them
hey there, i am good. my interests are in cars and working on cars.
i love to shop online, i have been doing that since i was 20.
i don't eat much of that since my job is so stressful.
i love to eat out. i am a car salesman, though.
true, i am 40 and my wife is still with me
i am sorry to hear that. what kind of shoes do you wear?
yes i am, i am 40 years old
i have never used it. i do like to read the news though.
hi tom i am a baby delivery nurse
i am glad to hear that you like animals
yes it does! i am a nurse at a hospital.
that is too bad. i love my family.
i have not either. i have heard its a great place though
i like him too. i also like reading. do you like reading?
i am reading a book
that is great i love to read
i am doing well. how are you?
i like to eat a lot of french fries.
i like to eat. what do you like to eat?
i am in a house. do you have any hobbies?
my children and my grandson enjoy walking with me. do you?
that is terrible. i hope you are doing better now.
that is cool. i love dogs
oh i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you are doing well now
hi i just finished my dinner and i am relaxing.
i have been to a couple of islands but not much else.
i am going to try italy next month.
that is cool. do you have a yacht? i own one and i am renting it out
that is awesome i am a little slow at swimming but i am trying to get better.
yeah i have been traveling a lot and am not very good at it
i have had it for a while. do you like to cook?
yes, he brought along some spare clothes as well.
hello i am good. how are you?
i am a big money saver. i like spending lots of money.
i love watching those too!
i like both but britney spears is my favorite
anything britney spears, i listen to her while i eat it
i work in a doctors office.
i don't, i don't travel too often
where do you work at
yes i do! do you like sports?
brown hair is nice, but i prefer blue.
that is so annoying!!
wow that is a lot
oh cool, so you are a vegan? what do you do for work?
that is great, i am a vegan as well.
oh no, that is not good. i have a friend in the school band who has that issue too
i am doing great, i am at the beach, enjoying the sunset
that is nice of you, what do you do for work
i teach elementary school, so i have 9 year olds all over.
yes, it is a nice break from my job teaching.
no, i am not. i am still at school. what about you?
yes they are. they are from california
that is good. i am not sure i could do it with only three kids.
i am the same way, i love the kids but i don't have the time for it.
i am a professional wrestler, what do you do?
sorry to hear that! i am sure you have some nice things to share about each other
i don't know what that means but i love it!
i am not familiar with his name, what is his name?
i have been to the homeless shelter, i love to volunteer there.
i am a professional wrestler. i have a tattoo of an angel on my hip
i have been to the beach. do you like it there?
that sounds like fun!
i am fine thank you. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that.
i am a waitress at a cafe
what do you do for a living?
i am a waitress. i have to wear protective headgear.
i like all kinds of music, do you have a favorite?
yes. do you have any kids?
what do you do for a living
i am a city person.
i am terrified of them
no, i live at home with my dog, barnaby.
i am a postal worker for the us postal service. what do you do?
i work for the us postal service
i drive a truck for a postal service. i hate to drive, but i do.
i do! i listen to the nascar races.
i love country music. what is your favorite song of all time?
i am great. i had a delicious taco. you?
that is good. i love dogs.
i have two brothers and two sisters
i am in alabama, where are you?
my brother travels a lot.
we are very close, but not to each other
yes we love football and tacos
i love dogs, i have 3 of them
i don't have a car, i don't even own a dog
i teach english. i love to garden, walk, and take care of animals.
a poodle. she is very loving and gentle, very sweet.
i love dogs! i have one and she is a great companion.
maybe, i am in the middle of a lot of homework so i have to get things done
that is cool. what kind of work do you do?
i do! i love going to the farmers market every weekend. what about you?
you too! thanks for the conversation.
hey, i am a 24 year old wedding singer getting married in spring.
that sounds like fun. i am a 24 year old wedding planner.
i like them too. i have not heard of icp.
that is great. i am getting married in the spring.
i am excited for spring break! i love getting out and going to new places
i am so excited!! my wedding is in spring.
i like to eat out, and i love to listen to taylor swift.
you don't know what you do?
yes, i have been thinking about reading the lord of the rings series.
i am a stay at home mom. my husband works.
that is cool. what do you like to do for fun?
i don't have any hobbies. what about you?
wow that is great! i am a die hard for donuts. what do you do on your spare time
i am a huge call of duty fan
i am into live action role playing. what kind of candles?
that sounds cool, do you like music?
i am so sorry! my dad works at home depot
my dad was also a christian, but he worked at home depot.
i work in the human services field
i am not sure. it just means i was a home dad.
do you work? i do.
i like horror movies
oh that sounds like fun. i love to go to horror movies
hi i am good how are you
no, i coach them. i am the best little leaguer in the league!
i am a full time mom of 5
psychology is a great field. i am a little obsessed with it
oh that is good, i have 5 kids
i understand, do you have kids?
i love to kayak too. i love wine and coffee.
i bet, i bet you make a lot of money
nice, i am in music, i play piano, bass, guitar, drums
you are very young. good luck.
nice! i am studying spanish, but i want to learn english as well
that is not good. i am sorry. what do you want to study?
that is cool! i am in a band.
i don't work, i am a musician
do you have any hobbies?
me too, what is your favorite song?
hello. how are you today?
hi, i am sara, yes i dance
that sounds like fun. i am a farmer.
i like french fries the best. i am not a fan of honey though.
i do. i have a dog named george.
wow, that is impressive. i am a bee farmer.
i love watching tv. i am a huge fan of the walking dead.
it is called bee honey
i am good how are you?
oh, cool. i am studying to be a programmer.
my family migrated to the us when i was little
what do you like to do?
i have a dog. we went to the zoo. do you like cats?
i like journey the best.
i am not ready for kids yet
yes, they are great. do you like music?
why did you get into trouble?
that is great! i am going to watch nascar today!
oh i understand that! do you have any hobbies
oh i am sorry to hear that. i hope you will be out soon.
you should go see if they have any left, i just finished eating a mexican meal
that sounds like an interesting job
oh i am sorry to hear that
that is a bummer. i love nascar and am a construction worker
my dad tried to set me up on dates once. he is a bit of a clown.
that is cool. my dad is always trying to get me on blind dates.
that is awesome. i have a job at a gas station, but i hate working with my hands.
they do, do you like clowns?
yes, they were very controlling and controlling. i am glad i have parents now
no i am a clown i don't want to be one
yeah, i have a lot of issues with my parents, but i love them.
i am good how are you
good. just got a new job. how about you?
i used to be too, now i work as a life coach.
that is a very kind thing to do
i like to run marathons and spend time with my family
my favorite color is red. what is your favorite food?
navy blue is a great color.
that is cool. i am a cancer survivor so i am very fit
i am good, thanks. what do you like to do?
i have been to spain, i have been traveling there a lot lately.
that sounds like a very strong job
that is awesome! i love to travel. i have been to spain.
that is awesome. i love traveling and reading.
married. kids are fun.
i am single too. i am going to retire next year.
lol, i am sure i will!
hi! my day is going good. just got home from disneyland! how are you?
they love it, they go there with their parents and siblings every year!
i like playing with my friends.
i love teaching. it was fun getting to know you!
they don't know yet. i have to get up early tomorrow for my dance class
i live in new mexico, i have a house near disney world too.
oh i love watching sports on tv.
i love to read books and i love to travel
really? that is cool! do you like him or dislike him?
i don't, but i would love to retire to spain in a few years.
wow. i bet you can not keep them in a bun
that is good. i am retired, so i am able to travel. i love traveling.
i have cats too! i love them!
i like to read. what do you like to read?
yeah it is i have been there many times
sure. do they have solar panels there?
why not? is it that they don't like your speech?
i do, sometimes i go with my friends to surf. do you surf?
i am a girl too. i will go with you.
i am not sure, they are solar. they are on top of a house.
i like to shop on social media, and i like to browse the web
i have a solar array on my roof
that would be great, thank you! i am a feminist
i am great. listening to some classic music. you?
i like country music, but my favorite is country music from back in the day.
nice. what do you do for a living?
i love working on cars!
i don't have any animals, but i have two dogs!
my dogs are called charlie and leroy.
that is a lot of animals!
it really is. do you like to ride?
sure, i love secrets! tell me about yourself!
oh no! i hope everything is okay.
he is a poodle mix.
i am not sure. i don't know how to tell.
i am four so we don't get those in the hospital.
they remind me of blocks, which is why i asked if you had any
i don't have a lot of free time, so i watch a lot of cartoons.
chase is my favorite too! i like to sing about them.
that is healthy. i love eating out.
i love the color blue, but i like red more
oh... i am sorry... i am not very good at that
i am a stay at home mom so i watch a lot of tv too
i love to socialize and watch too much tv to do anything else
you could be, but i am a vegan. i socialize with my coworkers, so its easy.
i am the same way. i socialize at the gym, but i have never had a relationship.
no, i just socialize with people at the gym.
i guess so but i am not sure if that is appropriate here.
i am well, and yourself?
i used to dance before i became a housekeeper.
that is nice. i am 56 years old and still fantasizing.
that sounds like a tough situation. do you have any hobbies?
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
do you like to travel? i would like to take over the world someday.
my kids love fries. i used to bake them all the time.
yes those are good also
hi i am so sorry to hear that. i love reading.
nice. i am a baby delivery nurse.
that is cool. what do you do for a living?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i love to read and enjoy nature
that show is hilarious. i am watching the halloween special tonight
that is cool! do you have a job?
oh wow. i don't play basketball but i do walk 3 miles every day to get ready
that is a good idea! maybe you can find some nice clothes there
i am doing well! how are you?
i am still in high school, i am only in 3rd grade
i like to work on cars and play with my dog.
that is nice. i like to ride my horse too. i have a horse
rock, country, hip hop, r b. what about you?
training horses. i want to be a physical therapist.
i think so too. i am in school to be a physical therapist
that is great! i want to be a physical therapist.
i am good how are you
my wife and i are planning on getting a divorce.
that is great. i sell cars, and my wife loves it.
i have been divorced for a while. i don't want to repeat that experience.
well you have to make the most of it.
i hope she does not get mad at you
i don't think you should be selling cars
hi, i am doing well. how about you?
i have been playing the guitar ever since i was three.
i sing, play guitar, and hang out with friends. you?
i don't know what my diet is, i am not old enough.
i see. i don't have time for keto, i have a family.
i am a bit of a guitar player, i love the guitar!
i grew up on a farm in kentucky, so i listen to all kinds.
i have been playing the guitar since i was three. i love it.
i am a buddhist and i am not very good at salsa.
i have not been able to do much since i quit my job.
1980 was a great year. i am a young adult now
you should try buddhism. it is very peaceful and peaceful people are very helpful
lol... that is funny... i have not spoken to my lite brite in 3 months
i have not looked into it.
lite brite sounds good! i am a buddhist. do you meditate?
just chilling with my fave food, shawarma.
that sounds delicious. do you have any hobbies?
oh wow. that is awesome. i have never won an olympa
i like football and hockey. you?
do you like the military?
i like to go to the gym to stay fit and exercise.
i am a soldier in the army.
i did not get the nutrition i wanted
i am great how are you
i am sorry. my wife is always trying to get me going
i understand that. i have a hard time getting motivated to get out of my house.
oh wow that is young. i am married to a doctor, he is my spouse.
yes, i do. what do you like?
you don't need friends when you have money and fame.
i have a dog that has those too. he is so cute
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you can find happiness soon.
i am sure you will do great.
that is great. what do you do for fun?
i am doing well, how are you?
just got off work. i sell cars for a living
i am 40 years old. how about yourself?
i am sorry. i am a salesman of cars. what do you do?
oh that is good i am a car salesman
i don't know, it just happens. i am still in love with my job.
i don't know if i agree. i don't like my job.
well good luck with that!
hey i am only 59
that is great, my sister is a pole dancer
i have been to spain as well. i love the red color of the sky.
i love camping. i have a cabin i live in that i use as a camping spot.
i like to bake. i have a big family so we all camp together
i love to listen to the classics
my sister does too! she dances pole too!
i like to crochet. i also enjoy listening to classical music.
i am good. i am just hanging out in the cloud. you?
i am very sad i cannot be around anyone
it is the power of being a little girl
i am not sure really. just felt like doing it.
i am sure someone can. do you have any other hobbies?
i see. you like cloud based video games? i like to make time stop.
that is so great. i am a little girl so i am always lonely.
i am 15, and i live with my mom and sister
hi! i am well and you?
i like to dress up in ruffle shirts and jeans and play games.
nice. i am a sucker for new designer clothing.
i don't know how to respond to that, i am not into that kind of music.
i am a huge gamer. i play video games on my xbox all day.
i am a girl and my hair is super short. you?
that is a good song. i like rock music.
haha i know what you mean. do you have any hobbies?
i did! it was beautiful. i love sunset!
it is. i have been playing with my dolls all day
why did they break up?
i have a turtle, i play with him
his name is bill, i love turtles
that sounds fun. i have a turtle, do you have any pets?
i love blue. you?
i like the little red rosette ones.
good afternoon, i am just chilling at home, how is everything?
it is a dog. i am an aspiring bookkeeper.
yes, it is dog obedience training
i am sorry to hear that. i am a bookstore clerk. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you feel better.
oh, i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that, but i am not into military stuff.
that is cool, what kind? i like the smell of flowers and candles.
i love cats! my parents have cats, they live in their own home.
i want to be in the big city but i work part time
i have no pets, but i do have part time job at burger king
i love cats too! i have a part time job at a burger king.
yeah i know but i have to have my fun
that is great. animals are so beautiful
i am not very old. but i am still very young
blue is not bad. i am going to my friends house to party.
hello i am doing well how are you
i am a runner, and i am very athletic
i am into fitness, running and preparing for marathons
oh no, you should go running. i do marathons.
well you should run and eat a lot to feel better
i am a runner. i run with my friends.
yeah, it is. i am sure your parents would agree
i hope so, i need to stay clean.
hello! my name is lucy. i am 13. i am the only girl on the soccer team.
i am not a big fan of math, but i am not the only one.
i don't know why they throw things at me.
that is too bad. do you have a soccer scholarship?
haha, that is a good trick!
i am not good at math either, i hate it
i don't, but i have a brother.
i don't have a pet. my brother is older than me so he does not have a pet.
nice i love to cook too, i have a ford pinto
i am a spanish speaking person, and also a donut loving person.
i am good. i am from new york city
black. i am not a big car guy, but it will run me about 3 klicks.
cool i love the band insane clown posse
yes, i do! that is awesome! do you have any hobbies?
what do you do on your free time?
i think we did a wash down with donuts
i am great, how are you?
i am still in high school, i am still smart
i am a senior at the high school, i just got home from school.
yeah, i am a sophomore in high school
what is your major in college?
i think so, i am excited to get started!
i like mcdonalds. what about you?
that is the best part. i have a hard time losing weight
no but my brother and i do have a dog.
i like dogs, and tacos. what do you like?
no i have none, do you have any?
i live with my brother and three sisters.
that sounds like fun. do you have any siblings?
i don't have any pets, i do have a taco.
haha that is cute! i love dogs, they are my favorite animal!
i am good. just eating my usual meals. you?
i like to read a lot.
i like to read and do other things too. what else do you do?
that is awesome. i am a vegetarian, so i have not read a lot of books.
wow that is a cool game!
wow! that is amazing! what else do you do for fun?
oh, i see. do you like to read?
i like being around people.
i am good. just eating a delicious paella.
yes i do! do you have any hobbies?
no pets. do you like to travel?
that is nice of you. what is your favorite dish?
my weekends are pretty good, i spend them visiting europe
oh wow that is unfortunate. i do shave though
that sounds like a lot of fun!
oh that is great. i am a big cook and love to cook
hi, doing well, how are you?
cool, i just got done running
i have a cat named radar
yes. we have been together for 2 years.
girl. i am a vegan. what do you do for a living?
i am married. we have a dog. what do you do?
cool! i don't have any animals, but i have a wife.
me too! i am a vegetarian but i love animals.
i am doing well. just finished a wonderful batch of cookies. you?
just baking cookies. i love cookies.
i just got back from a dogs birthday party. we are having one tomorrow.
she is a lab, but she is very hyper
that is awesome. what kind of dog?
i am a baker and i love to bake.
i am actually a baker! i love it!
i am a homebody, i love baking cookies and dogs.
i am good. i just got back from a marathon.
i love nyc, i went to college in ny.
yeah. but i am a survivor, so i have to do what i have to do.
no, my parents both were athletes and they protected me.
that is tough. i am so sorry.
i bet! what do you do for fun?
i bet. i am glad i am healthy.
you should try marathons and keep at it.
i am an avid fisherman. i love to fish.
my parents are well wealthy and i think i would be impressed
yes, but i have a long way to go before i even get to that point.
no, my parents are both very wealthy. i am the youngest. you?
i am a huge fan of bmws. i own one myself.
i am sure you are not cruel. you have a cat.
i don't laugh but i do think you are funny
hi there, i am doing well.
oh no. my dad is trying to get me on dates. i hate clowns.
haha.. i am sorry. my dad tried that to set me up on blind dates
my dad keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
what do you do for fun?
that is good. i have a hard time trusting people
well, i don't go blind, but i have been on blind dates before.
wow!! that is awesome
i like chess and go to bars with friends.
not really. i like to stay in person. i have a dog and two cats
i have two. they are so sweet.
i am single. i am not drinking. i am working on a garden.
it is hard to find a job. my dogs keep me busy though.
i am single and live with my two dogs. do you have pets?
yeah, my family has three dogs, and i have one dog, so it works
hi.. pretty good.. how are you?
what do you do for a living
yes. what else do you enjoy?
no he stayed with my 3 sisters and me.
that is great! i have a dog, do you?
that is tall. i am guessing it is nice.
that would be so cool
waffles are great! what are your hobbies?
that sounds fun! tell me a little bit about yourself.
no, just for fun. my dad was an electrician. i am learning mandarin.
haha... that is a good way to put it...
what kind of job? i am currently learning mandarin.
well, my dad is an electrician, so he taught me.
yeah, its really fun. i learned chinese last year
i can do that for her. she loves learning. i am a violinist myself.
i am doing well. i just got home from a cloud gathering
yes, i am so lonely.
i know but i am too young to know
i like to watch the clouds roll by and enjoy the silence.
i can see the future, see when the next solar eclipse will be, for example.
yes i can, but only to when i want
i have to go now, have a great day!
what do you like to do?
hello. what is your favorite color?
i am in cali right now.
triplets! i bet they are cute
i don't like to exercise, so i don't do it.
i am not a teacher but i do love to watch them.
i am too. i just wish i had time for it.
that is nice. i am glad you have one child.
oh i thought you had broken up.
i live in colorado, i don't like the cold. i like the warm weather.
i live in colorado. i have a lab named trooper, and we have a lot of outdoor stuff.
yeah they have some pretty nice trucks
cool. i live in colorado. where are you from?
yeah, i love the cold. i also enjoy hiking, which i do every spring.
i do, what is your favorite activity?
oh nice! i like to go rock climbing with my dog trooper.
true story! i have a black lab named trooper.
wow, do you have any hobbies?
i wish i had time to go see that
i like to spy on my friends on facebook. i am overweight and unhappy.
i agree, but i feel like i am in a bad place.
that is true. i spend my time on facebook. it brings me joy.
that is true, i just don't like the idea of god.
i am overweight and unhappy.
i know but it is hard
i am good. just finished a run on the beach.
it is a type of fruit. orange is my favorite color.
i do care about fashion. i don't care about work
i don't care about fashion.
i am sorry to hear that.
i will do what i want.
yes, i do dance competitions on the weekends.
banjo is a cool name. i don't play video games myself.
i am doing very well and you
i am watching some cooking shows and rollercoaster footage.
oh. i have never been to the states.
that is nice. i don't know much about that type of relationship.
i love sky diving and roller coasters
i have tried. i don't like the thrill of roller coasters.
oh no, that is not good. i am so sorry to hear that
yeah that is true. do you like the weather over there?
i am from the united states. where are you from?
oh, cool. i am from the united kingdom
you should go and try out some of the fancy stuff i drink at the club
i am single, how about you?
that is true! do you have any hobbies?
i have a big library, i could bring you a soda!
that sounds like a lot of fun
i am so sorry. i am glad you are okay.
that is so awesome. i am a courier for us postal service.
my dad drove his car into a sea of snakes, so i am terrified of those also.
i like the color grey. what is your favourite food?
oh. i am a postal service employee.
i would not wish that upon my worst enemy
that sounds scary. what is your job?
i don't but i am a pretty good knitter
wow, you are a very busy person
i am doing very well. just finished a wonderful book
i am 60 years old and i have a service dog
wow that is a lot of animals. do you work?
me too! i am also a librarian and love reading!
i have been to spain. it is wonderful.
i am glad i have been around long enough to experience it. what do you like to do?
do you have any hobbies?
do you travel often? i love going to spain.
i am in texas. i am a big toy fan. you?
oh i love dancing. i like to play with my dolls.
i am sorry to hear that.
oh. do you have any pets?
yes i do i have a turtle. what are your hobbies?
oh, i see. i play with my dolls. you play with your dolls?
that is a good exercise. i play with my dolls
i have a turtle. he likes to play with my dolls.
i am doing very well. how are you?
wow, that sounds peaceful! i am just a buddhist living in alaska.
wow. that sounds like an interesting life
i am a buddhist so i don't know much about cia
i love horses, i have a buddhist cat, he is very loving
i quit my job and just focus on practicing.
yes i am in alaska now. i have been there for a few years
it is beautiful. i have been there for many years.
its great here how are you
that is good! do you like to walk dogs?
i love dogs. do you have any siblings?
that is good. i spend time with my family.
i am an interior designer in new orleans.
i like to walk to disneyland and play with my little brother.
that is nice do you like to read?
i agree! i love spending time with my family, i love to read.
hello how are you today
i am too fat to go to work, i spend all my time on facebook.
he does. he is the reason my wife left me, she said she would leave if i got married.
i don't believe in him. i don't believe in facebook.
do you believe in god? i don't.
do they? i am so overweight i could never use one
yes! i am happy there. i like being by the water
i hope so, my wife is leaving me and i have to take care of them
i grew up in a big city.
no i don't think so. i am wearing a hat now.
i am sorry to hear that
he is a famous skateboarder. he is a rocker.
yeah, but i broke it skiing
that sounds horrible! i am glad i live in the country.
i have not but i have broken my arm
it is my favorite thing to eat
hello, my name is lucy, how are you today?
i go to the gym everyday. do you?
its okay, it is not my career.
i like to run. i like to do the elliptical too.
i do, but i am not sure where that is. i do like rowing and the treadmill.
i hope to become a music teacher.
yes i am rich now
hello! i grew up on a farm with my parents.
i am on meds to help me see better
what do you do for work?
i have been a junkie since i was 45
that is cool. do you have a lot of friends that go?
i am not really into the partying part. i am more into my job as a bartender
that is great, i love to go to the bar and drink.
good. how are you doing?
i am a bit of a drama queen, i love drama.
i don't really have time for sports
that is great, i am a studio engineer, what do you do for a living?
i am 46. i am single and live in california.
i live with my husband and 2 kids.
thank you, i am proud of what i have accomplished
thank you. it is hard but i have to try
i am doing well, just playing with my blue eyes
i am only 12 years old, so it is okay
yes, i do. my hair is long and dark.
i am from the united states.
that sounds good! i am in the states as well. i am only 12 years old.
that sounds good. i love tacos.
i play pogo with my friends all day.
i love red meat and blue cheese
i am doing well, how are you?
i like cookies. i take dance class once a week.
dogs are cool. i like to take them dancing
i don't dance, but i love to dance with my kids.
i am only 78 but still feel very young. do you bake?
what is your favorite song from it?
i like to dance, i love hip hop, you?
yes i have a dog
i am good and you?
what do you do? i am a producer for a label.
cool. i have a car. a honda civic.
i know right. i would rather drive a honda civic than a fast sports car.
rap is my favorite music, what do you do?
oh that sucks. you should try a keto diet.
i understand. i produce some of the best music. what do you do?
i can get a lot of toppings if i just buy the ingredients.
hey there, how are you?
i did not attend, but i did go to a few events with my family.
true. i am still in school. do you have any hobbies?
i live in boston but moved to new york last year. you?
i am sure it is. i just graduated with a ba with a finance degree
what do you do for fun?
nice! i have a mustang, but i really like the bmw
i would say a lot of people, especially in finance. banking.
i did not hear about that. what happened with that one?
absolutely! i hope you are right.
what else do you enjoy doing in your spare time?
do you have any hobbies
i am good. how are you?
i am in georgia. its hot here too, but i love my 5 cats
yeah, i love it. i am a house builder.
i am into building things, i am a contractor for a company.
i am a house builder. i build houses for the rich.
i love to build things. i am currently building a house.
i like to cook everything. i love me some good tacos.
yes, i live in arizona.
hello jeff. i am mia. nice to meet you as well
i do, but not on a regular basis. i love to listen to music while i ride.
i don't mind it, my sister is the same way.
no i just like to listen to classical music
no i am not i just like to listen to music
i love the color red
i agree with you. do you have any hobbies?
oh wow i love red so much! what do you do for fun?
hi! it is going great, just got done reading a book. you?
i like to read books on psychology, and listening to music
i have never camped. i don't like the outdoors.
oh, i remember those days fondly too. i am still in school.
i like reading, but i am more into kayaking.
not really. i like to read a lot.
i will be waiting.
do you have any hobbies?
hello. i am from new york. how are you today?
i do love it. we go for hikes a lot
no, do you have any hobbies?
i am actually a housewife, i take my boyfriend there often to help.
i love going for walks and eating french fries.
no, i don't like to watch television much, i prefer to eat.
i like to buy things that make me smile, like french fries!
french fries are my favorite! i love eating them while walking!
i am doing well. i am waiting for my triplets to arrive.
i have been playing since i was 5. i work at a school as an instrument teacher.
i have a step kid and triplets
oh, that is cool. i just moved to the country
i just moved to the united states from australia. it was a shock
city. i just moved here from europe
i do, three. they are triplets.
it is, i just moved into the country and have been adjusting
i do! i live in a big red house with blue curtains.
no. do you?
yes i think it does. i use my bike for transportation
oh nice, do you race? i am trying to get signed to a team.
do you have big brown eyes?
cool. i like to ride my motor bike when i go racing.
i don't have a pedaling buddy, but it is fast!
i have to wear a helmet because i race
i am 36, how old are you?
wow, that is great, what grade do you teach?
that is great, do you have any kids?
i am a pianist. i teach it at the local homeless shelter.
oh i see, i am a teacher in the side
i am a violinist. i play several instruments
do you have any kids?
oh wow, that is amazing. how many families do you have
hello! i am mia. i love dogs.
i am sure they would like it
that is so sweet. my dogs would love to hear you sing.
cool, i love to sing, do you like to exercise?
her name is nina. she is a lab. what is yours?
that is cute. i don't have dogs but i do like dogs.
i do, i sing along to songs on the treadmill
oh, i am more of a reader.
oh no i love chicken! i like to cook it, but i love to eat it raw
i don't think that is true. i am a chemist.
yeah, i know. i am not going to drop out of school just to afford it
i love bars. do you like the color orange? i hate the color.
i don't think so. i am a woman.
i don't have a best friend, but i do have a best friend
my dogs name is duke. he is very goofy. and yes i have a few pets.
thanks, i hope she is happy.
i am great how are you
i am a full time student studying literature.
i am also a museum tour guide, it is fun
what do you do for a living?
i am the only one in my family. i grew up with it.
i have a huge book collection
that is cool i am only in high school.
i like all kinds. i grew some roses today in my garden.
i work. i play tennis professionally.
i hope you can do well at school.
i am a professional tennis player. i can relate
that is great! what do you do for work?
no, i am a vegan.
what are you eating now?
i am a professional tennis player, i walk my dogs and play tennis.
i have a big family. i have 5 brothers and sisters.
i am doing ok how are you
i am not really sure. i like math and science
i love pobox and i love to play. i play with my friends
i play for my school. do you play any sports?
i don't work, i just play pobox
i am not sure what that is, i am only 12
do you have any siblings?
my hair is dark and curly. do you like school?
i am doing well. i am drinking a fancy glass of fancy tea.
mysteries of the mind by kathryn stockett
i can relate to that. my husband is in jail
that is great. i hope you do well in it.
i can understand that. what do you like to do for fun?
it is! i also like to drink tea, especially fancy ones.
i do enjoy it. i also enjoy going to museums.
i am good how about yourself?
i have never been to the midwest, but i hear it is nice.
that is cool. i live in alaska, where are you from?
i have not driven in 3 months, i live in alaska
i am not a big fan of country music, buddhism is.
yes. we take long walks through the woods, and listen to music.
i don't have a pet. i live in alaska.
i live in alaska and love the cold.
yes it is nice. i love the night air
yes i love it. i am also a professional wrestler
i love raw hamburgers.
i volunteer in a homeless shelter
i understand that, do you like sports?
i love traveling. i am a professional wrestler and travel a lot.
i want to be a pro wrestler
i am a professional wrestler so i am used to people.
that is awful, i am sorry to hear that.
well, she is a dancer. she is still a professional athlete.
thanks, i have been with this company for 15 years.
sounds relaxing. i just got off work. i am an engineer in it.
i am very social, i have a big family. what about you?
red is a great color. i like blue, do you?
my family are good, i am married, i have a son and a daughter
i dance for a living, but i prefer to learn other forms of dance.
i am a dancer, i do it once a week, but i take classes as well.
what did you guys do in it?
i don't have a hair color, but i do love to dance
i am not a fan of pink. i don't like the newer stuff.
no i don't. do you?
going to my favorite dance class. what about you?
what is it called? i remember the name was called lumina
oh, i see. that is a healthy diet.
cool. my brother has been in the army longer than me
oh, that is cool. i just got my drivers license.
i like to ride the bus to school, do you?
i like to play soccer, i don't have to worry about math.
that is cool i like to ride my bike sometimes
i don't know what that means
hello! i am good, i am just relaxing.
i am male, but i am a boy.
i have been born with a heart inside my body.
i am not sure, but i am sure it was.
haha. i am sure they would love it! do you work?
i am glad you think so.
me too. i am glad to be alive and able to move around.
i bet. i have been lonely all day. i am so lonely.
what kind of car is it?
i am a little girl and i like to keep my cars running smoothly
i don't think it would help much
12... how about you?
i am so sorry to hear that.
oh that is sad. what kind do you have?
i am a little girl, but i don't think my girlfriend understands.
i am doing well. just got done watching the halloween movies.
yes i am a dad
yes it is. what else do you do?
i am in new york state.
i live in the country as well. my son is in junior high.
same, i am just a father
my favorite is the conjuring. what about you?
what do you do for a living?
that is great! i love my 3 storey house. i love to walk my dog.
i play tennis. i am also a professional. do you work?
i live in a house, i have 3 other rooms
i don't like it either, i live in the cold.
tennis is my hobby, and i am a professional
no, i don't. i live in a small house, i have 3.
me too, my house is growing and i want it to be complete.
i try, you know, i try.
hi, i am good. how about you?
i love drinking coffee as well.
i am a banker. i am going to be a lawyer next year.
yeah, i am a big yale fan.
i like to drive my bmw to work, i am a banker.
i love pink! it is my favorite color.
ah, i see. well i hope you get to work with your family someday!
i am a student studying business
i am watching my favorite movie, magic mike
i will ask her. she is my best friend.
i drink wine, dance and dance in the moonlight, you will never know
i don't remember, but i think i will live forever. do you?
i am not sure, but i do like to drink wine. do you?
oh that is not fun. i love watching the stars at night and dancing to the moonlight.
i don't drink, do you?
oh that is fun. i like to rock climb.
i like to rock climb, but i am a little old for hip hop
i love that cartoon. what kind of work do you do?
oh, i have a black lab.
that sounds like a lot of fun. what do you do for a living
oh, i love old school rap. i also love to rock climb.
that is awesome! i like to rock climb.
oh. i live in colorado. where do you live?
i am from the united states. do you have any hobbies?
i wish i did not diet, it is so bad.
oh wow, that is cool. i don't have a lot of free time.
oh ok that is pretty cool
oh okay, that is not good. i am trying to lose weight.
that sounds good. i have never tried it.
i am very strict about my diet and my health.
i am not into hollywood. i do like to spend money.
i am. it is the best season. i love to eat pizza.
i love bees i have one and a couple of pet iguanas.
that is pretty cool. do you have a family?
wow that is alot of hats!
wow, that is impressive, i don't have any olympa hat. i am from italy.
i have never been there. i am always looking for honey bees
i don't really like sports, but i do love my honey moon
i don't i was a kid so i am not old enough.
no, i don't. i do like to cook.
i don't make much money, but i love traveling the world
i love to travel. i just went to europe for the first time last month.
i love to cook everything. i love to travel too
well i draw it in the sky and only when the sky is dark
i am trying to learn, but i am not very good.
no i have not. that sounds interesting.
no. my family is not too supportive of that.
yeah, i am a bit of an eclectic soul
i see. do you have a hobby?
i am sorry to hear that. my family does not support my career choices
i have a lot of meditation to do. i also like to shop a lot.
that is interesting. i am not a spiritual person. i just love shopping.
i am a watchmaker and watch dealer.
oh no! how did that happen?
i drive a ford f150 king ranch
i am a hiphop fan, but i like old school hiphop.
its an old vw 4 stroke. it is very powerful
i hope you can afford your education.
i am in school right now, i am a freshman
i like to dance and listen to old music
i have one that i use for my dance class.
i am doing well. just playing tennis.
i love long walks with my dog and tennis players
that is great, my husband is not going with me.
oh okay. i am a professional tennis player
not at all, i love it! what else do you like to do?
i am not sure if we have any.
they sure do. they are a handful.
i am not a fan of honor.
hi i am fine thank you for asking
i will try to do that. i will let you know how it turns out.
oh, i love roses too! i am studying to become a nurse.
yes, it has a nice shade of blue and a nice moonlight.
i have to go to college... nursing school
i love to travel to bars and play with my friends
yes, but i am still studying for college.
i like tupac! do you know who he is?
that is nice i volunteer at a homeless shelter
oh, i see. what do you like to do?
it is. i have to wear all black when i do my volunteer work.
what do you do for a living
oh. i like to volunteer. i go to the local homeless shelter
i don't eat fish oil
i volunteer at the local homeless shelter and watch wrestling
i am good, how are you?
yes i have a wife, kids and husband
i have three kids, so hiding is not an option for me
maybe i will. what else do you do for fun?
oh. well maybe you can find a good one near you
i live in the countryside, so i can enjoy my wife and kids more.
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you have any hobbies?
i think most would, but my wife and kids are the best
hi. i am good. how are you?
i am trying to stay lean
do you like britney spears?
i like to be on my feet all day
i have two boys. do you have any kids?
i am a stay at home mom.
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing great, how are you?
i am in florida. i love the hurricanes!!!
my parents are still here in florida, i live in a small town.
i try to make it work. what do you do?
i don't care for nascar
me too. i am a red blooded male.
you like sports? i like american football more than other sports.
yes, i suppose that is correct.
oh, that sounds relaxing. what do you do for fun?
oh no, that is terrible! do you have a dog?
i do too! i am allergic to apples.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like to knit?
sure, what kind of thing would you want?
that is awesome, do you have any pets?
i am going to try. i am excited. do you have a favorite hobby?
do you enjoy it?
what do you do for a living?
i love to eat out with my friends.
nice! i am a teacher so i have a lot of self help books.
that is right, i don't know anything about yoga.
kayaking is fun. i love going out with friends and getting married in the spring
that is great! do you like music? i am getting married in the spring.
i am great. just working at my dads burger king.
cool! i work out at the burger king where i work.
my dad says i am too young for those things
i live with my girlfriend of 7 years
yeah i am not doing anything fun at the moment.
i have a lot of gray hair, and a very thin blue eye.
i am, i enjoy doing that
i am ready for my parents to move out, so i can move out with them!
i am doing ok. i am a bit old. i am in a mess too
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
oh, i am in a detention center. i will be released in a month.
i am only 19. i am so sad
i don't. i am too old. i am in a jail now.
yes it is. do you have any other hobbies?
nice. i am in a holding cell at the moment.
i am in a very young age
i am the 3rd grade and i love to go to disney
do you have a favorite character? mine is micky mouse.
that is great! i am in the 3rd grade.
that is awesome! i hope to be a nurse when i am done with school.
oh, i see. what do you like to eat?
i see. do you have any hobbies?
it is! what else do you like to do?
i love the frozen movie
i am doing great how about yourself?
i love eating. do you like to travel?
it is still long. i don't eat soda so i am not bloated.
me too! i am not a big drinker though
i am a housewife. i have a boyfriend.
it is really good. i also like it with some onion rings.
that sounds like a lot of fun
cool i am in school too, what is your major?
nice. i have not been there, but i hear its beautiful. i bet its lovely.
i am not a big fan of paella. i am not a fish person.
yes, i know it when i see it in a grocery store.
i am a waitress at the moment but want to be a racer.
they have a really nice body and are not that hard to eat.
it is hard to believe. i am sorry you have to deal with that.
i will be wearing a helmet, so it will not fall off.
i am doing great! how about yourself?
that is great. my dad drove a car for nascar.
what do your parents do for fun
that is nice i am employed by the postal service
that is very kind of you.
my father drove me to nascar once.
oh fun. i love that type of music. i am more into racing myself
no, still here. my dad drove a car with them, he raced for nascar.
that sounds fun. i am a bee farmer, so i don't do much for fun.
i love honey, but i don't eat much honey
i am in texas, i love it here, but i am ready for the change
yes i do, i am a professional bee farmer
no, they don't sting, i am a beekeeper.
thanks. you are brave as well. i will stick with bees
yes. i grow the honey here in pa.
i don't need honey. i have plenty of papa johns honey reserves.
i am doing good. just got back from my daily cheeseburger. you?
retired teacher. i am not much into cars.
i like watching documentaries. i am a retired gym teacher. what about you?
i have a cat, but no dogs. do you have any hobbies?
what are your dogs names?
well, i am a retired teacher so i am biased.
i do, i listen to all kinds of music.
that is great. what do you do for a living?
hi. i am doing great. how about you?
i don't but i do have a dog named leela
oh that is awesome! i am a door to door salesman.
yes, i have 3 dogs, a cat, and some chickens
it is. i also have a business where i sell door to door ads.
its a good book. i read it when i was in high school.
yeah, i love my job. what about you?
yes it is i love them
hello! i am doing well. how about yourself?
sounds awesome. i am looking for a job. i am not a fan of restaurants
what do you plan to do after you graduate?
i like to play basketball and i am looking for a job.
no, that is my sister, i don't know her.
i think so too. she does not look like a total slob.
i am a little envious of your situation. i have a sister but no job yet.
that is great! i am looking for work right now
good! just got my new home! i am so happy! twins in two months!
what is your twitter? i am following you.
i am a vegan, but i eat a lot of eggs and fish.
i am expecting twins in the next month, so i am excited.
boys... they are a handful. but they are my boys
that is a very enjoyable thing to do.
that is great. i am expecting twins in the next month.
i am looking for a new home but i am expecting twins in a couple months.
i am good, just got a new job.
i am a runner but i would rather be at the marathons.
that is awesome. i am glad you like the gym.
no, but i am trying to become a cancer survivor
yes. i am a cancer survivor. i have been to several marathons.
i will have to check that out, my parents are very active
yes, they are both very experienced and have been with me through thick and thin
they are both pro cancer. both died at different times.
hello johnny. i am good. i just got done knitting a blanket
that sounds fun, do you make your own or buy?
i love to bake cookies!
i bake cookies with the finest ingredients
his name is leroy jenkins. i am baking a brownie.
i love to bake and knit
i am scared of that too. i am a die hard believer in death.
i live in colorado. i have a lab.
i am a mechanical engineer.
i like rock climbing and country music. i live in colorado
i am into the arts and craft. i build models and stuff.
what do you like to do for fun?
his name is trooper. i named him after my favorite star wars character, the trooper.
i love the colorado mountains. i live in colorado. you married?
yeah, i live out in colorado. you?
hi i am doing great just got back from the bookstore
yes! what is your favorite genre?
oh that is great congrats!
i am pregnant with my first child, so i don't have a job yet
congratulations! i have a husband, and we have been together 3 months.
i am pregnant so i don't eat much, but i love a good book
same to you!
hello, i am home too. how are you?
i am not sure if i would like that. i would like to move somewhere nicer.
i am sorry to hear that.
why? i am happy for you! i am from a small town.
maybe you just need to find something to believe in
oh nice, i am not sure if i could do that.
you really should! it is really relaxing.
yes, my family has horses for a long time.
i am doing well. just got done playing a game of chess.
i am not a big drinker. i don't want to be a health nut.
i am in my thirties as well. i don't drink
oh wow! what do you do for fun?
i have a secret, i drink too much wine and have no friends.
that is cool. do you make your own music?
oh that is cool. do you have any pets? i have two dogs.
i am great, just got back from a bird watch with my cats.
that is good. i don't like it.
i am from the usa but i was born outside the us
yes i was in w1 and i am in w2 now
happy birthday! what is your favorite thing about the car?
i have a f150 truck. i like it a lot.
yes they are rainbow. they are black. you?
they are great. i have one named rainbow. what is yours?
i am good how are you?
just playing with my cats
no. i have a boyfriend who wants to go pro though.
i have a cat named socks
that is awful. i have a hat collection of over 1000 as well.
my collection is so huge! i am obsessed.
i work at an office. i have a huge hat collection.
no its not hard. i just love collecting and making my own. i have a lot of unusuals.
hi larry. how are you today?
i like to spend my time on the internet, social media is the best
i like to use social media to find new people to hang out with.
i like to read comics. what do you like to do for fun?
you are a vegan? i am.
i am a feminist, so i am very excited.
i am a feminist. i am also a vegan.
you should. i am a feminist and have a feminist following.
i like to listen to the band the who
do you have any pets?
oh that is cool. i am a manager at a supermarket.
i love to travel! do you travel much?
i like to listen to the who.
i love skate boarding! i work at a local supermarket.
i do. i am into fashion. what is spooky about me?
i don't, i just work in an office.
i would like to, what is it about?
i am sorry you feel that way. i dance for a living
i don't speak any languages.
i am glad you found something!
i am sorry to hear that.
it is. but it can range from 10 to 50.
you can always find other work
hi! i am good. how about you?
that is so cool. i like to watch the olympa.
yes it is, i love it too. what is your favorite sport to work out?
i work in the medical field, but i am also in an open relationship. you?
i love door to door salesmen. i sell door to door.
yes, i love people and animals. i also love to see the olympa
i love to go running with my dog
oh that is great i am glad you do
i want to be a cancer survivor, and i also want to be a better person.
i work as a life coach. my parents both were as well.
my parents were supportive. i just have to be more active.
i love country music. what do you listen to?
i am eating some pizza, my favorite.
no, i don't. i am a health nut.
yeah they are. i also just got a job cleaning houses for extra money.
i am good. how about you?
oh, okay, i guess. i am more of a female.
i do. do you?
nice! do you like to travel?
nice! i love to play call of duty when i am not playing games.
i am in school right now. i am a part time student.
yeah i work for a call of duty company, i love it.
i am a truck driver, what do you do for fun?
i am a piano teacher at the local shelter. what do you teach?
i am a music teacher. i teach piano.
i like to go to music festivals
i love my church. it is a good outlet to help with my violin playing.
i like gardening. what do you do?
i play the piano, but i also teach it.
that is interesting. i am not sure what it does.
oh okay, that makes sense. do you enjoy it?
i am good thanks for asking
i am working on building a robot for my job.
i am sorry to hear that.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a famous streamer so people make fun of me.
i understand that i want to be a famous game streamer.
i am a stay at home mom. i don't have time for school.
i am a big starcraft fan. i also build robots for fun
i am working on it. i am trying to make it happen.
i am good. how are you?
i am scared to die, i am scared of death.
my dog is called buster. he is a pug
i am a baker, and you?
i am in pennsylvania and i love to bake cookies
i wish i could climb but i am afraid to die
i am in the south part of the united states.
i love to read and cook
i am well. just got off work hiking. you?
i like rock music and you?
i do too but my favorite is sunset.
wow, that is so cool. my boyfriend and i have been together for a long time.
that sounds like a fun hobby.
i am 18 and have been on a serious relationship for 2 years. you?
i have a pet fish that i take with me on hikes.
that is cool! i love hiking too!
yes i do. do you have any hobbies?
oh. i have never been there.
that is nice. i have a buddhist wife. i am very happy with her.
i am not sure. i am in the united states. do you live in the united states?
that is great. i hope you are not afraid of what others think of you
that is great! i am so happy for you. i am so glad you got married.
i am glad you agree, i have to live in this hellhole to practice
hello, i am listening to my favorite rock station!
i have three. do you have any hobbies?
no... just three horses. i have a farm, though.
my dad is a farmer, i help him in his fields.
raw food does not sound healthy. what is your favorite food?
i listen to rock music when i work. it helps me get through the harsh winters here in arabia.
yes i am a farmhand, what about you?
i am still in high school.
hello, my wife and i are getting ready to get married.
i don't have a lot of free time, but i love coloring.
i understand. i have been working at my job for a while.
that sucks. my wife is working overtime to support me
i am sorry. do you sell vegetables?
do you like your job? my wife is not happy
wow, i work at a car dealership and my wife and i have kids.
my wife is allergic so i have not tried any.
i have never been there.
i am a little bit, i am a teacher
i love to go roller coaster and then listen to my favorite band up.
up all the time, my parents were teachers
i like hummus. i make my own.
oh, i see. i like to play board games when i get a chance.
i love to go for vacation to the beach
i am a ship clerk, i work in a barn
i don't watch much tv, but i do work on a ship yard.
oh no, you should go for the sea walk.
i am a navy seal!
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am also very sleepy.
oh ok. i volunteer at the local bunny rescue.
yes, i would. i would be a nurse.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a shipwright, so i am used to it
hi how are you doing
i don't skateboard, but i do like wine and coffee
that is funny. i don't have to wear one because i am a coach.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like wine? i love it.
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
i am a little afraid of heights though
it really is. my son plays.
i love you too, and i will enjoy my wine.
i am a student and i just got accepted to a new school.
no. no kids. just hobbies.
no i am not but i have been thinking about trying
i am graduating high school in two years. i am broke too.
that is funny. i am a high school student
i have no clue. i have no idea what i am gonna do with my life after high school
i am a vegan so i don't eat meat.
i am vegan and i am trying to find a healthy lifestyle to eat.
hi. i am doing ok. how are you?
oh, cool! i have been working on a project for school.
i do. i am a professional.
you could try a clay bar.
i like to play board games
i am a big fan of his. i am a skateboarder so i like all types of music
oh. that is cool. i am more of a skateboarder than a vampire
hey bob i am mia
facebook is the best way to stay in touch
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you are able to find another job soon.
i am sorry. my mother passed away in 1979.
i am sorry to hear that.
my father is stationed in australia, he helps me a lot.
that is a good idea i will try that
oh, i work in insurance. i am sorry to hear about your dad.
hi there i am 20 years old
i am in a band so we have to take the bus.
oh no. how come?
oh, that is nice, what do you do in your spare time?
no i am not, i am american.
no, i am the only child. i have a brother but we live separately
i don't have siblings, i was born in somalia and was forced to marry my parents.
oh that is too bad. do you go to school?
i am great. i have been very busy this past month.
that is awesome! i am a buddhist and have not spoke to the queen in three months!
i am trying to meditate but i am not very good at it.
i hope so. what do you do for fun?
i will try to. i am a buddhist so i will be praying for you.
do you meditate a lot?
yes i am i am a buddhist and i am trying to become a spiritual leader
yeah. i hope it works out for us both. what do you do for fun?
yes i agree. i am a professional athlete and i love italian food.
i like to run. i am a gymnast.
i know, i hope they keep going with it.
i don't know how to play. do you watch it?
nice! do you have any other hobbies besides the gym?
thanks. do you have any hobbies?
that is a lot. do you have any hobbies?
oh, i am sorry to hear that. do you have a favorite food?
not at all, i am here with my dog and cat.
good, i just got back from a party
i have two pups, they are mean.
i am so glad i have pets. i have a dog, his name is mean. what about yours?
i agree! i am a night owl and love a good night bath.
chess is fun to play! i love to volunteer at the food pantry.
oh my god! me too. i love my cats and dogs.
i bet! i just finished my classes. i dance to relax
oh wow! i have to go dance on the weekend
i have one dog and one cat
i love the movie 16 candles
oh, i don't care about girls. i am a girl and i like to dance.
no not really, i just don't like to show off. do you?
i am not a fan of colors.
i am good. just listening to britney spears
that is awesome. i spend a lot of time at the shelter.
sometimes. i like to donate to them
i like to listen to her while i tan. i love it!
yes, but i am trying to cut back on the excesses!
i like britney spears, i like spending money
yes i have to keep up the maintenance
chips, i am addicted to them
i like crime shows too. i like to watch the flash
no. it was something that was kept a secret until recently.
yes, i am a student. i love to cook, and i do volunteer with the soup kitchen.
it is a type of fish and chips.
i love shrimp! i am going to europe this summer.
it was great. my art teacher taught us how to make paella.
i am pretty sociable. i visit europe often and am very fortunate to have friends
hi i am doing well and you?
i work on my farm and saw a cow on the road
i am an electrician, what do you do?
that would be so rewarding. i have always wanted to be a veterinarian.
i live in kansas. how about you?
a ranch. i love my cows.
i have a dog as well, he is very big. what is his name?
i love dogs. they are the best
hello, i am baking cookies! i love doing them.
i have a dog, do you?
yes, i have two dogs. do you have a family?
do you like dogs? i have one
i enjoy baking cookies.
hiking sounds fun. i like baking too.
i don't bike. too scary.
i don't eat pizza. i like to grill it
i would love to but i am retired now.
i don't think so, but he might like to. i don't mind
that is a good idea, do you have a tv
i am from california. what is your favorite food?
i like to drive fast cars
i am not sure i want to learn to grill out. i would rather spend my time playing cards.
sounds great! do you have a favorite food?
i am great. what about you?
it is a dance move.
i teach elementary school, i love the beach.
i am not sure. maybe a while.
me too! i love to go to the beach and listen to music.
i am from new york, but i teach elementary school
i am from boston ma
good, i just finished the treadmilling exercise i do every day
oh ok. you are a catholic?
i go to the gym everyday.
i do it to feel better. i am bored of eating
i am majoring in fitness
i love europe, i have been to many different european countries
yes, for years. i just recently got it cut.
great! i am just taking a break from studying.
i am going to be a cook in college. do you cook at all?
i do both, i also love to cook paella
i love to cook paella.
i love to cook, especially paella. i am in the process of building a new restaurant.
just by looking at some of the paintings in museums
i am pretty sure you are not. are you married?
oh nice! do you do it to look good or just for fun?
hello i am not lonely
i like all of them, except for taylor swift.
that is cool i like taylor swift
i am getting married in the spring and my husband is a kindergarten teacher.
that is unfortunate. i work at a school. where are you from?
i am getting married soon, i am 24 and still in school!
you should not, i am getting married in spring
lol... well i am getting married in spring so i am excited!!!!
i am good, how are you doing?
wow, four hours, that is dedication right there. how tall are you?
oh. i like to watch horror movies
my favorite is horror movies
i like the pizza the most
i try to eat healthy, but my diet is so limited.
oh. i am a home owner. i like to watch them with my kid.
i am just playing with my friends
i am in the 3rd grade.
that is cool. i love singing songs from the movie frozen to my friends.
it is a great time. i love singing songs from the movie.
i like playing with my friends. i am in the 3rd grade. what is your favorite song?
i am into singing. i love to sing songs from the movie frozen.
no pets, i like to play with friends, especially when i go to disney world.
i don't know i don't live here
i know, it makes me feel old
i am sure they are, but i don't think they are right. i am a professional construction worker.
no, no children for me. i have a wife and a 4 year old son.
oh i see. i am a construction worker, so i work a lot.
i love tacos but i am not a big fan of meat.
you will be fine. my parents are both in their 50s. they will support you.
yeah i watch nascar and ufc
wow! that is amazing! you are a school board custodian?
i am a sucker for pizza. what do you like to eat?
that sounds like a lot of fun. i am still recovering from childhood trauma.
my dad tried to set me up on blind dates once.
you don't make much. i just get my hands dirty
yeah that is a good age. i work with my hands and have some issues.
i have not traveled much since my accident.
i would love to but my father keeps trying to get me to do things i don't want.
i am in my 20s, and my dad is in his 60s.
sure! i can do that for you. i can cook.
you are right. do you like music? i really like travis scott.
i think i am going to go get lunch now. i am hungry.
what do they do?
i work at a restaurant as a cook
that is awesome, i am looking for work right now
nice! i love my mother, she is a dentist
i am trying but i am older than most people
i am doing good. i am jane by the way. i am a redhead.
i am good how are you?
i am a student and i hate school
i don't really have a genre, i am a pretty simple girl.
cool, do you like school?
thank you. i like that
i think my eyes are different
i don't have many friends, i am 12.
i am good and how are you?
that is pretty cool. do you have any pets?
do you have any pets?
i have never seen it. what is it about?
i do too! what else do you like?
no, i don't have the talent. i am not brave enough.
star wars is awesome. i love the original trilogy.
that is cool. i have a dog and cat.
ok, i will send you a picture of me in a britney spears concert
sorry to hear that. i am not married. i am a single mother.
i have a lizard named nagini. she is a bichon frise.
my favorite color is green. do you have any pets?
congrats, do you have any hobbies?
i am more into the light blue color.
the sunset is great. i am always listening to britney spears while i am out on hikes.
i love to bake. i bake a lot of pies.
i do enjoy that! i also love cooking, but i love to fish too
i love coffee, i am a chef
i am. i like all sorts of movies.
i like to cook but i love to fish too
he is so cool. i love the way he looks. he reminds me of a fish
yes it does, and you could travel with me.
it is quiet but you can always cook
i am good. how about you?
cool i am a professional stunt double
i like to eat too. i only eat organic.
oh that is awesome! i am only in school to be a stunt double.
i am a fan of classical music as well! do you like movies?
i don't work out but i eat a lot.
i am a stunt double, i am not much of an actor. i just like to read.
i live in new york. my husband and i just purchased a new home
i am a banker, what about you?
what branch? i work in banking.
that sounds wonderful. congratulations! i just bought a new home, so i am expecting twins soon.
oh that is so sweet! congrats!
yes, a big weeding. i just bought a new home, so i am excited.
i am expecting twins in a few months. that is crazy
what are you planting?
i am good. just finished work. what about you?
snowbird. i have been here for 15 years and love it here.
its a great name for a cat. what do you do?
that is not good. you should try again later.
i am single too, but have two kids.
i agree. dogs and kids are my favorite.
oh no, my ex is the reason i am still married.
i understand. do you have any pets?
i am an insurance salesman, what do you do for a living?
i am a waitress. i am a mom of two. how about you?
no i don't cook i do sell insurance
that sounds like fun! i work for the insurance company.
i would watch it
yes. i am in the insurance business.
i love italian. i just started working in insurance business.
i like thai also. my dad is in the army so i have always had access to thai food
hi, that is interesting. i volunteer with the local bunny rescue
i work at a shipyard, i am a stocker at a local shelter
that sounds fun. i am a shipwright on the side.
oh that is so sweet. do you like the beach?
i am so sorry. what did you guys do together?
that is great, i am sure that is great for both of you.
that sounds really pretty!
i like purple too. do you donate money for the charity?
i work in the insurance business, so i don't socialize much.
my dad is in the army, i don't want to be a brat.
i am a girl bro. i am not a bro.
he does, but he is not always at the dealership, he is in the army now
i have been playing softball all day. i am a bit of a loner.
i just started working in insurance. i hate it.
well, i have to pay for my hard earned insurance somehow.
that is a long time. i have a daughter that is a prodigy
oh, that sounds awful! i am glad to have your help!
i have never heard of that. i will look into it.
well, i am glad you don't have to worry about that.
that is a wonderful insurance company.
that is understandable. i am hard of hearing too.
oh, that is horrible. i am so sorry.
hi, i am good. listening to some rock music, you?
you could use a bath! i love taking baths.
i am sorry to hear that.
i have a farm so i visit often.
that is okay, i am a farmer.
i am a farmer so i have traveled a lot.
tupac is a great man. he was a tough guy.
i listen to a lot of rock music. what do you do for a living?
i have a dog named barnaby. do you have any kids?
i understand that. my family is not too fond of spiders either.
my dad drove a race car for nascar
my job is at postal service so that is good
soccer is fun. i love grey. it is my favorite color
my dad was a driver so he would drive me around in his truck.
that is cool. i don't like people knowing my age.
oh, i love ice cream! i am terrified of scoops.
i have a daughter named tara. i love chocolate.
i am very shy. i am four
i am four years old.
i don't drink, but i do like chocolate.
sounds interesting, i like chocolate. do you have any hobbies?
i don't play baseball. but i like to play with my dolls
oh, that is great. do you like music?
oh, i like chocolate, and my son loves chocolate.
hello! i am eating a vegan diet. and you?
i just moved here from germany, so i am not sure if i like ice cream.
that is amazing. i would love to jump out of one.
yes, i know that. i love it! do you?
nice. i am in new york city.
that is nice, i am a vegan and love meat.
i have never been a fan.
do you like the water at all?
i do, but don't know enough to go to church
no, i did not go to college. do you like it?
i did not go to college but i did serve in the wwii
oh, i don't know much about the sin thing.
what do you mean?
i will try it out. what are your hobbies?
what do you mean by that?
i hope it works out for you
no, i am 19, and my parents want me to move out soon.
that is cool, do you have any pets? i just want to have fun with friends
my parents live with me, so i don't want them getting too wild
oh that is awesome, i work part time at a burger king
i just want to have fun with friends and not worry about money
i am 19, and i am still living with my parents.
that sounds cool! i have never heard of that truck.
i don't have a car. i just want to have fun with my friends.
yes. i am a 12 year old girl
i am a kid, but i am not a kid anymore
i have a mom too. she died when i was a kid
wow, that is a lot. i don't have a lot of friends.
i like pizza and i like to play pogo
no, but i don't have many friends, so it happens.
i am 12 years old
you too. bye!
sure. do you watch star wars? i do.
i don't know bob, i do like star wars
meditation is a good hobby. i like star wars. do you?
i try to be. do you?
what do you mean by that?
yes it is. do you like star wars?
what happened to you? i am so sorry
i am not a big star wars fan
i am doing good and how are you doing?
i am scared of them. my dog is named barnaby
that is cool i am employed by the us postal service
cool. i work at the us postal service
me either. i hate the cold.
i see. i have a german shepherd named barnaby
i have never had taco bell. i would rather stay home and work on my garden.
that is cool. do you like cars? my dad drove one.
good, just bought a new home. i just got my bank statement.
i work at a bank, what do you do?
i am not a fan of the weekend, i work in a bank and have to be on time.
oh, you are not a dancer?
yes. i am a banker and i need the money.
sometimes i do, but i do have a family of my own.
i don't but i am expecting twins in the next month
i am well, thank you! how are you?
watching a baseball game. my heart is still in my body.
she does not care, i am a boy
i am a surgeon.
i am serious. what is your favorite season?
it is but i still have to be in my body
yes, and a lot of practice. do you have any other hobbies?
no i am not i am a boy but i have a heart inside of me
hello, i am doing very well. how are you?
what do you do for fun?
i have a dance class tomorrow, i hope it is better than the one i had in california.
i am in high school, i was forced to marry when i was little
oh that is cool! i was born in somalia and was married to a guy there
yes i do, but they are all in the states
oh wow! what did you do in your schooling?
oh. do you have a boyfriend or girlfriend?
hi! i do like rabbits, i have two of them. i also have two dogs.
i am a teacher at the elementary school.
that is so nice of you
that is great, i love helping others
that is cool i am a teacher at the school i teach
what do you enjoy doing for fun?
no, but i am a very active member of our church.
that sounds very interesting, i am a teacher at a school.
i am good, just got home from work.
that is rough, my job is boring.
that is too bad, i am sure your parents will love you.
thanks. i will. what are your hobbies?
that is awesome. i sell cars, what do you do?
a relationship that is not based on hate.
oh i understand. what do you do for a living?
yeah, she worked for a dealership. i sell cars.
hi. i am an electrician. what do you do?
that is good, i am sorry to hear that.
that sounds like it could be fun.
oh cool. i am an electrician. what do you do?
i love germany! i am an electrician, so i travel a lot there.
that is awesome. i have a big farm.
i would love too! i will bring my big truck.
oh okay. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing great. i am just relaxing with my dogs. you?
what do you like to do for fun?
nice, i am enjoying playing chess
i work at a doctors office. how about you?
i like her but not as much as i like dogs
that is cool, i like to go there and get bubble baths.
oh that is not good, i have two dogs and they are sick of slurpees.
that sounds fun. i like to drink.
hi! i am good, how are you?
no, its just mean. my dogs and cat are mean. i have no clue why.
rolling stones is awesome! i like to see movies
that sounds fun. do you enjoy the outdoors? i love hiking.
that sounds like fun. i am a housewife
no, i don't. i am more of an indoor person.
i like to help the homeless and the elderly
i do when i am off work.
i am good. just got back from a piano lesson. you?
i am great. i am an elementary school teacher on the side.
i play the piano and the bass. i am trying to play more instruments though.
oh that is nice. i am a music teacher at a school.
i play several instruments and am a pianist. i am also a teacher at the local elementary school.
i like all of them, but i really enjoy listening to classical music.
nice. what do you do for fun?
that sounds fun! what do you study?
i am great. just got home from school.
that is amazing! i am only 13.
cool. i am going to be a soccer player. i am only 13
i will try, do you like math?
thanks i will do that. what are your hobbies
i am 13 and i am still in math class
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i love reading. i am going to be a teacher after school.
hello! i am just enjoying some mountain biking.
cool, i am listening to my favorite drink.
that is a good one, i like the color pink
i am more of a mountain bike person
i love to drive but i am really afraid of driving
nice. i have a honda civic as well.
what kind of music? i enjoy mountain biking.
nice, i love cats. i have a dog, his name is charlie.
hi, i am a graduate student. what do you play?
oh, cool. i like to read.
i am a bit of a nature buff, so i love it.
i work with children. i am studying psychology. do you like it?
i like rock. what about you?
i love folk music. my favorite is folk metal
i am from cali. what is your favorite thing to eat
well, i am a pianist so i know a lot about liver problems.
i go to the thrift store on weekends, i like to save up for something
i am sure there are many that can be found. i am a piano teacher.
that is not good. i am glad to hear you are trying to be better.
i bet you do. i am glad you feel better. i teach piano at the local shelter
no i don't, i am a pianist, what do you do?
i love it, i teach piano and am always looking for new places to play.
i am going to be the youngest of 8 kids and i am going to have to study.
i love all flavors! what do you like to eat?
lol i bet they do
wow! i hope to be a physical therapist one day.
that is so nice, i want to be a physiologist when i get older.
that is cool! my goal is to be a physical therapist
i run when i have time. when i have a lot of free time i like to skateboard
wow. that is cool. i have not run a marathon in years.
i am playing with my brothers electric guitar
i don't gamble but i play a lot of ping pong
that is nice i like to play with my kids
that is nice. i love to play the violin and play the guitar.
that is fun! do you play any sports?
i am a violinist, how about you?
nice. i am just practicing my violin.
i will. i have to go pick up my father from work, he is an electrician.
hi! no, i am not. i live in a rural area, and i don't eat meat.
no, he is a poodle maltese mix
that is a good goal to have in life.
i don't like swimming either. my dog is a german shepherd, and i am allergic to dogs.
i try to do it at the farmer market. i love the farmers market.
yes. i have a television and pool.
no my parents took him from a farm upstate.
yes, very. do you live in a rural area?
i am well, how are you doing?
nice! my sister loves to skateboard.
i can not even drive my tractor, i am not very strong.
wow, you have a very interesting life!
yeah, it is a nice change from my past life.
that is a good comparison.
no, they are too cute
no, but my sister is a pole dancer there. do you like to dance?
it was good! just woke up, feeling a bit better
i am a boy, but my heart is inside my body
yeah. it is a heart transplant. i am born with a heart in my body.
i know. but it is worth it to see the world through different people.
i don't mind. i am a boy.
i don't. i have to take medicine to live, and i don't like sugar
chocolate is good but i am not a big fan of sugar.
i live in the us. how about you?
i am doing good. how are you?
that is good. my dad keeps trying to get me on blind dates
that is awesome. i work at a gas station, but i would like to work with animals.
that is true. i was adopted at a young age.
what else do you like to do?
that is great to hear! i am not sure if i can be a trainer.
i like orange.. i am a clown freak so i don't mind
i like to work with my hands, so that is a plus.
i am from california. how about yourself?
i am employed, but i stay in shape by playing video games and shopping!
i do, especially with my new workout clothes
i am not a gambler, but i love playing video games.
i like to play video games. do you like music?
i am thinking about getting a hat.
i know right? i wish i was old and fat. i am blonde with really short hair.
i do. and play video games. what else do you do?
just finished working on a project, i work as a mechanical engineer.
that is exciting! where do you guys plan to go?
i work as a mechanical engineer. how about you?
i like to hike in the mountains. how about you?
do you ever take pictures of your travels?
it is very beautiful. i love the colorado mountains.
i speak english and spanish. i also speak russian.
oh that is awesome! i am an engineer. what do you do?
i am sorry. i am sure he loves your choice.
its going great. i am graduating high school in a few years
that is great, i hope my kids enjoy it
i love horses! what do you do for work?
thanks. i hope so too
i will probably get the purple one.
i love my purple and lime green room. i have a bed, but no saddle.
oh, that is cool. do you have a favorite color?
i am sure it is. i have a hard time letting go.
i hope so. do you work?
do you have any hobbies?
hey me too, what is your name?
i do! i go to the gym and socialize with people
i have never had an orange car.
i don't, i have not even had a girlfriend yet.
no, not at all. what kind of car is his name?
i have never seen that before.
i see. you have not done your daily socialization then? i go to the gym.
i am well. just got my bmw to the dealership
nice! i just graduated from yale. i want to be a banker someday.
i am a financial analyst for a large company.
no, but my parents are very rich. they have dogs. i have a cat.
yes, i do like it. my parents are very wealthy. they own a bank.
i am sure that is the case with most people.
i will! i just need to save up some money.
that is great! i love music!
i am great! how are you doing?
oh that sounds hard. i am pregnant.
i am a little pregnant but i stay home with my husband.
i have a husband, he lives in pennsylvania.
a police officer. it is a state in pennsylvania.
wow! i am a bookworm. i love reading and watching documentaries.
wow that is terrible, i am sorry to hear that
i have been pregnant since i was 20, so it is rough.
i am taking care of my two grown children.
that sounds fun. i would like to take over the world someday.
i am 56 years old and have two children. i want to take over the world.
i am 56 and i fantasize about taking over the world. i don't get along with my family.
i have two children who have never left. i am 56.
awesome. i hope to take my kids.
that is a great singer. i love the art of painting.
true, but i am 56 so it is not too late.
good! how are you?
no i don't, i am a skateboarder, you?
i am going to skateboard.
i am used to it now
what do you do?
what kind of job do you have?
that is great. i am a hat wearing, skateboarder wearing, bean bag wearing, bean pole wielding, bean bag wearing, man!
i also have a broken arm, it is a pain
i am doing very well thank you. how are you doing?
do you have any other hobbies?
i have never left the state.
i don't work, so i don't get out of the house much.
i like pizza with black olives.
it is really good! i really like olives on my pizza
i am doing well, i am just watching tv.
i love the beach. i go swimming at least once a week.
hi, how are you today?
i am a little food addicted. i love to eat pizza! what about you?
i do too. i like it on my pizza.
what do you do for a living
ohio is nice. i am from the us
no i have not. i should. i have been traveling a lot and not seen one.
it is unhealthy. i like to eat.
i love them! what do you do for a living?
sure i would love to. i have a purple horse. do you have pets?
i like purple. i am going to be graduating in two years.
cool. i have curly brown hair, so i will be majoring in that.
yeah i guess. i have some curly hair so maybe i should go back
i am not sure if i can afford it. do you know if it is worth it
i am sure it is, i hope to go someday
my room is purple and lime green. you?
not really. i have curly hair so i don't have to worry about that.
sure, what do you do for a living?
i have a new dance class i teach every week!
it was created by a famous rapper.
i am a hip hop fan as well, what is your favorite song to dance to?
i like to dance to hip hop
congratulations! what are you going to school for?
i see. do you like hip hop?
what do you do for work?
hi! no this is patrick
well she was gone for a while.
oh no, i hope you are not jail for stealing.
oh okay. do you like music? i love the who.
i am just a regular joe. i have never left the big apple.
i will buy it if you buy me pizza.
i do but i work at a store locally
do you have any hobbies?
i just got home from work. the postal service is awful today
my dad drove a car that raced horses
i am a big fan of grey skies
mine too! i named my dog barnaby after my favorite car.
postal service. i am employed by the us postal service.
i am sorry, i am the same way, but with the postal service.
oh wow, congrats! what are you going to school for?
my dad drove a truck for nascar so it is something i am passionate about.
hi there, i am a farmer and a mom
no, i have a job as a rural farmer.
no he was a good man.
my husband is adopted. we are from a rural area in georgia.
i have heard of him, i am not familiar with contractions
no. i don't have a lot of time for movies.
anything with a german shepherd. i like them.
no, i am not a fan of star wars. my husband does not like them either.
hi. i am doing good and you?
i like to go to the country side when i work out.
that is really cool. i hope he loves the lab.
i am a music singer. i grew up in the industry.
i love country music, what about you?
mostly country songs, but i like pop, as well
i love country music. i sing country songs at my job.
no its from my favorite band, rascal flatts. what is your favorite song?
hello. sure. what do you do for a living?
i have an ability to see the future, and see through time.
country. i grew up in the industry, so i know all the lingo.
it sure will. i sing in a choir. we are called rascal flats.
i agree. what is your favorite food?
that is interesting! i am more of a loner. i have never done a rock concert.
sometimes, i play it at the park
i am not sure what you are talking about
i am sorry, i work a full time job as a shipyard foreman
i am ex military so internet is essential to me. i have a job in a ship yard
you should go out and meet people. i volunteer at the local animal shelter.
there are eight of us
sometimes they get put down. i am a volunteer firefighter at the animal shelter
i volunteer with the bunny rescue at the school.
that is nice, i have a dog. i like to volunteer with the navy
my favorite is the navy seal. you?
hello, i don't know any other language.
good.. just finished working at the burger king
i work there, i have a part time job, you?
that is interesting. do you have any hobbies?
nope, but i do speak it fluently
haha, i guess you are right!
i like all kinds. what kind of music do you like?
do you have a job?
hey jefferson, i am bob. i am four, i love toys
i don't like roses. i am allergic to them.
no, but i did get some turtles.
oh that is no good. i don't pick up my toys
i don't have a lot but i have a turtle. i play with him
i like them, but i don't pick them up.
it is. i have to pick up my toys.
that is funny. what is your favorite color?
i am good thanks for asking
a poodle. i love him to pieces
i love bees! i have always wondered what it would be like to be a farmer.
about 5 years now. i have a new job now.
i have been in the hospital for a long time, i need a new career.
i do like them. i am looking for a new job.
i am sorry you are lonely. i hope you find someone.
i am. what do you do for a living?
hey! hows it going?
oh nice. what do you do for work? i work with electricity.
oh, i am sorry! i have a farm, and it is in the country.
oh, you are a woman?
electric, folk, and rock. you?
she has not had the attention she deserves.
i love to travel. my parents are farmers.
ll, i bet he is rich. i am an electrician.
hi. i am good. how are you?
i am not sure. i like blue.
i like red too. what is your favorite food?
i like to sing songs from the movie frozen, my favorite movie.
i am not a christian, i am more of an animated kid.
i like songs from the movie frozen
i like tangled. my favorite character is the one that sings. mickey mouse is great too.
me too. i love disney movies.
i sell cars. i love my job.
i work as a car salesman and my wife is a stay at home mom.
i know! it is a real bummer
well, i am glad you are happy.
that is great. what kind of job do you do?
because i am a car salesman.
yeah. i sell cars and my wife is crazy.
i am doing well. i am a retired gym teacher.
that is cool. i am retired so i don't have to buy new cars.
oh that is pretty cool i like country
i love cheeseburgers. do you work as a manager?
i love her!!! she is my favorite
i am well, how is yours?
oh nice. i love documentaries. i watch a lot of them.
no, i am not ariel. i am alexander. do you work out?
hi, i am sam and i don't drink either, but have 3 dogs.
i am only 19 myself, and i am with 3 dogs.
i have never heard of a burger king, is it a fast food restaurant?
that is cool i am in an open relationship so i don't get much time to travel
do you have any pets?
i agree. i don't have much free time. i am also a door to door salesman.
what do you do for a living?
do you like to shop?
i am great! just got back from a farm work.
i love to workout. do you have any pets?
i bet he is cute. i am an electricalian, i love cows
that is interesting. do you have any hobbies?
i have a horse. he is very big. i am a electrician.
oh, i love to swim. what is your favorite type of food?
i don't really have a favorite. i love everything
i love beef stroganoff. how about you?
i am good. just got back from walking my dogs. you?
i have a civic that is older than me, i drive a 2016 honda civic.
it is a cat, i named him charlie after my favorite song.
where do you like to travel to?
that is cool. what do you like to eat?
i am not sure what that is but it sounds interesting
that sounds good, what else do you do?
dr pepper, its the best. what kind of music do you like?
no, its cool. i am studying to be a computer programmer.
oh that is so sweet! i am studying to be a programmer
computer programming, but i want to get my masters
sure i do want to know. i don't care what you do as long as it is not death metal.
i don't like to party. i like to be free spirited
i am sure. do you have any hobbies?
i am a very traditional woman and don't like change at all.
no. i am studying to be a computer programmer
i am good, just got back from a great dinner. you?
i speak spanish. what is your favorite fruit?
that is a cool word. i just moved to spain.
i was in france. my step kids are in school there now.
i am a native of the usa and have lived in several countries.
i am fluent in english and spanish
true, i just moved in
i love french, but i don't speak it
i work as a bartender. i love star wars.
i like star wars the best.
i like poetry. what kind?
fish is good. i love star wars, but i also enjoy poetry and football.
linebacker, but i was a defensive end.
do you like poetry? i am a big fan of it
i enjoy playing the drums and writing poetry
i agree. i love star wars
hi! my name is larry, i am a chef!
haha i would love to hire you
i like to read comics. i love them
cool! my name is larry and i am a chef. what do you do?
i am a chef but i like to fish. do you like fishing?
i have two dogs. do you have any animals?
i love him! what is your favorite comic book?
i like to read. and fish. and watch movies.
great. just got back from my shift at burger king. i am a part time employee.
i am 19, and i don't have a job right now, but i do have a part time job at burger king.
my parents live in my condo, i am 19.
yes. i just turned 19. i am ready to move out!
i don't know, i just want to have fun. i want to move to london.
oh, i am 19 so i don't have much room.
i am not sure i would like that, but thanks anyway
that is good. do you have a job?
sure! what is your favorite food?
i am a teacher and i love to eat. i love taylor swift.
what do you do for fun?
i see. what are your projects?
what is your favorite color?
i went to a concert with my friends. what about you?
maybe. my wedding will be in the spring. i am a teacher.
you too, have a nice night.
i hate the holidays, what about you?
congratulations! do you like it?
i am so glad you got out of europe.
what is your favorite thing to do for fun?
it is still in remission. it is just hard for me to do anything now
its alright, i have amazing children and grandchildren to keep me company
that is nice. i have a great grandchild and wonderful children
i will try to. i have great grandkids.
hey, my name is jason
i love to travel. my wife and i have been to spain.
i am 45 years old and i am a male
you can get some great organic produce and meats on a farm.
i have been a alcoholic for 45 years. i am a retired nurse.
just this one, but i am on them since i have been clean for so long
i am, thanks. i am also on some medications.
you too. take care!
i am doing great and you
hello jessi. i am michelle. i am a stay at home mom.
the oldies like the group the mutineers. the newies like the stones.
no i am single, no kids, and i work at home
that sounds nice. i don't have kids either.
cool, i love cars too. i spend most of my money on them.
that is crazy! i live with my wife and kids.
i am good, how are you?
no, but i do play tennis, which i love to do.
that sounds like a lot of fun!
i have never been there before.
thanks, i appreciate that. do you have any hobbies?
you will one day. do you have kids?
yeah, its a lot of work. do you have kids?
i am not sure if i am naming all of them correctly.
i live in california.
my wife and kids love mint chip ice cream.
that is great. my wife is 45. we are both in good health.
oh that is great. i am sorry to hear that.
i am sure you are not.
i love to plumb too, but my favorite is chocolate.
i live alone also. i am with my 3 kids.
i am a plumber and i have 3 children, do you have kids?
i am good. how are you doing?
i will probably make a caramel apple pie.
i am a bit of a health nut and eat healthy. what do you do?
i am a coach at the gym now.
i work in cancer research
yes. i am the oldest of three boys.
wow, that is a lot of kids.
that is a cool job, i work in the automotive industry.
oh wow, i have never heard that before
i like to listen to country music, you?
i am a country girl myself. i met taylor swift at a country music festival.
i am from texas, how about you?
i love country music. do you like music?
cool i love the state of florida
i have a lot of friends who like country music, do you know anyone else?
good! i am just eating some chocolate candy, i love it
i like cats, i am only 4.
no, i am only 4.
i like cats. they are cute.
i love cats, but my two favorite foods are chocolate and candy.
i have a cat too. her name is sparky.
i am four and i like to play with blocks. i like singing too
hi! i am great, how are you?
it broke while skating.
hockey falls are awesome. my friend ryan wears a hat and i always wear it.
yes i wear many hats and i don't own any pets
i have a german shepard as well. he is very loyal
i have not. i am not sure if i should read one.
i have never been to a game. i am not very good with a stick
i don't like them at all.
i love animals. do you have any hobbies?
i have never seen a grey one! do you travel?
i have never been to spain but i have heard it is beautiful
that is awesome, i have only seen a few of those.
no i have not but that would be neat
i don't drink, i like to travel though
yes. i love gray hair. my hair is very gray.
i am well, thank you! and yourself?
my strength and long life, mostly. i am pretty tough.
i love ice creams!!! especially grape ones.
i am not a plumber, but i do like to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
yes i was. do you remember?
i am very strong for my age and i have been keeping active.
wow, that is a lot of kids! do they have hobbies?
not really. i drink a lot of wine and have a great voice for it.
hi i am great and yourself?
my gym is my only relationship
i don't date. i am pretty shy. i am a gym nut.
i love pizza, but i don't eat much of it since i am so fat.
i want to build a new gym, but i have never done that before
that is cool. i have not been able to socialize with my husband too much.
i guess so. do you like music?
i have, but i have not been doing it too long. i need a change.
hello! yes i like hats, what about you?
i love winter. i am a plumber, what about you?
no pets but my kids and i would love one
that is funny, i like dogs, but cats chase me.
i love furry things. my wife is the furry one.
oh okay, what sport do you play?
chocolate chip! it is my favorite, and i eat it everyday.
i understand. i have 3 kids and am ready to meet them.
i am a high school math teacher, i don't have many dogs either.
i am not familiar with that. is it a bubble?
i hope i can find a ride to school like that one when i am older
that is a good thing!
fish are good but i am not really a fan of math. i am only 13
there are four different breeds of cats.
mine is a red tail. i like cats.
no they should not unless they are a profit organization.
i am doing well, how about yourself?
i am not old, just a bit senile.
i am on some medications too, but mostly just the ones for my hearing.
that is nice i am in a museum tour so i can go
oh. what do you do for fun?
they are pretty. what do you like to do for fun
nice i have read those
i love david copperfield and stephen king
hi i am great! how are you doing?
hi my name is jessica and i have never broken a bone.
i am a stunt double for a living, i am actually in movies
i have never done it. i want to try again one day.
oh, i like horror too!
i broke my bone once. i broke my leg. it is a stunt double!
i like facebook. i also like to read.
you don't have time to read when you are a stunt double.
i am from new york. what about you?
that sounds like fun, i am in an open relationship, no kids
sounds like you are busy. what do you do for a living?
oh ok. i have a dog. i also have a business.
do you have any pets?
i have a couple of dogs and they like to snow board.
i will try. i have been trying for the past few years.
yes! it is very scary. i am also in a open relationship
i am a cancer survivor and i work as a life coach. what about you?
what kind of services do you need?
i am glad that you think so.
that is fun. what kind of food do you like?
what shows do you like to watch?
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i am a cancer survivor, so it is good to stay warm.
that is cool. do you like it?
i love food banks, it is a good way to support the poor.
i just got a new house, so i am excited about that!
yes, they are. i have been on the move a lot lately.
i just moved to the usa, i love the freedom.
yes, they sure do. what do you do for fun?
me too, my step children are so annoying
i have been to a few, they are not bad
hi! i am good. just finished my daily workout.
i have a lab too! we are good.
no. i have not been to the beach in awhile
i don't, i don't drive. do you?
i love music. what kind do you like?
i don't think that is true
i will try my best to keep it alive
i like to jump off of them and sky dive
good. i am a little chilly though, my cat just bit my dog.
i am a spooky ghost.
what do you do for work?
i love pizza with black olives.
i am sure you are great, i have a cat named spooky.
cool! i have a cat named spooky, and i work in a grocery store!
i love the band the who.
that is great! i have not ever been out of ohio, but i would like to go.
hi, i just finished baking a delicious cookie
oh i am so sorry. i am sure he misses you too.
no, i don't bake. i am not really a baker. do you like to bake?
i love to bake cookies. do you cook?
i have a few dozen cookies from the county fair i attend.
i bake for my wife and my children
i am going to bake a few dozen cookies, which i love doing. you?
it is a good day for me too, but i am scared to die.
i am doing good. i am 60 years old, so i am doing well.
i live in california. how old are you?
i am not sure, maybe i will go to spain.
i am sure you will find something. what do you do for work?
lots of history. i have been there once and loved it.
i am sure. i have been to spain many times.
i would like to retire before i am too old to see things.
oh wow. that is not good.
i am doing great! i just got back from walking my dog.
i enjoy reading journals and hiking. i am a huge reader!
you can learn some tricks. i have a lot of experience with that.
i love hummus! my favorite is hummus and rice with hummus mixed in.
i love mexican food! what are your hobbies?
i don't eat meat
i am in school right now, but i am also working on my masters in psychology.
i am a full time student
hello. my name is jim. i am doing good. i am also in my thirties.
i like pop music. i also enjoy taking baths and taking a bath
i like her too, i like the group the rolling stones
no. i drink a lot of water, but don't eat too much.
i love pizza and ice cream
bubble baths help me lose weight. i love them!
i am trying to become a casino manager
yes i am very active and have a lot of health issues.
i am great, thanks. how about yourself?
that is awesome! do you have any pets?
that is a lot of work, but i am glad you enjoy it
i am a teacher, so i try to stay away from conflict
oh i love it too! what else do you enjoy
that is very cool of you. i am not that fortunate.
that is cool. i love rabbits. i have one named maddie.
i am good, i am from germany. what do you do?
that is awesome, i am only 100 years old
i am very strong. i can lift a truck
that sounds like fun. i don't know if i could ever do that. i am old.
yes. do you have a favorite flavor? i love chocolate.
yes. i love to run. do you run at all?
i have never had to use one!
roller coasters can be a little stiff, i have to remind myself i am not going to die.
i am not either. i am watching an olympa.
that is a lot of dogs. i have a small farm but no dogs
i am not a business major but i am in business administration
that is cool i am in a relationship
wow. that must be very fulfilling.
that is so sweet of them. i have never been to a sporting event.
that is cool. i am in a monogamous relationship so i have no idea where that is
i am sorry, what is your dogs name?
no, i am not pregnant. i love cooking but love fishing too.
i love comics and fishing. do you like cooking?
that is good. do you like comic books? i love them!
i am in school, but i love to cook and fish!
yes i am broke but i love my comic books
i catch all kinds. i love fishing but hate cooking.
i don't dance. but i love to fish!
i am a buddhist. i am trying to meditate but i am not doing well.
you are welcome. i am glad you are happy.
i don't really know what that is
good for you. i have not spoken to my family in three months.
i have been to alaska a few times, its a beautiful place
i do, but i am very busy, i work as a buddhist.
i am sorry. i hope you find peace soon.
i live in alaska, i have not talked to anyone in three months.
it is going good. just browsing the web
i am more into the natural world, myself.
i have no idea i don't even know what that is
i am a man. how about you?
i am a feminist.
no problem, i hope it all works out
that is good to hear
i am a feminist.
i am well. just got home from school. you?
what do you do for work
i am going to dye my hair
i have been addicted to online gaming... and yes it has...
i love it, it is my way of working from home.
role play, i love role playing games
i am a veterinarian. it is my dream job to work from home.
a veterinarian, that is my dream. what about you?
i am a vegan, and i am an animal activist
i do love coffee, especially in my rainbow hair!
i don't like baseball. i spend too much time with my cats to watch it.
i have a cat and a bird. i also spend my time volunteering at an animal shelter
yes, i have a couple of parrots and three doves.
that is cool i like animals
i understand. animals make us all feel sad. do you have a family?
i work with animals, so i spend time with them.
hello, i am a female, i am doing very well, and yourself?
i am so sorry. what was wrong with your stomach?
oh that is cool i guess
that is pretty neat!
i am so sorry. i hope you are doing well now.
oh, do you have children or grand kids?
they are! i have a few grandchildren myself.
my wife is a stay at home mom. we have great grandkids.
hi, sure. i am a gymnast, and i compete in the olympa.
yes i do. i try to eat healthy.
i like the rolling stones. i listen to it while i work out.
i am not sure i would want to be around someone who does not know my family!
that is cool. do you have any other hobbies?
gymnast, i am a silver medalist
i am also very athletic. i am a gymnast and a medalist at the olympa
i am not a big fan of the olympa food.
i am good how are you
i am in ohio. i play tennis professionally
i have a house and 3 roommates.
i have a sister and a brother.
i am not sure. i walk them a lot.
a pit bull. i love him to pieces
tennis is my favorite.
i am doing great, i am married to my wonderful husband.
i like to watch the stones in concert every year! you?
i love to listen to music when i eat.
me too. i eat very raw and healthy. i like to eat a balanced diet
i love the band the rolling stones, i listen to them at least once a week.
i am not sure, but i will probably work at the grocery store.
congratulations. i bought a house recently
nice! do you have any kids?
that is horrible, but at least you did not have to clean it up
i am great, how are you?
i am lucky to coach my kids
yeah that is what my sons like to do
i am a little drunk so i don't drink much coffee
i am not a big fan of sweets. what do you like to eat?
i love my mini van
thank you. i am lucky to survive.
oh my gosh, i am so sorry. do you have any hobbies?
hello, i am great, how are you?
that is cool, i am watching the olympa and i love it
wow. do you have any hobbies?
oh that is okay, i am not either i love dogs
me too, but i am in an open relationship.
i have a lot of dogs, what about you?
i am a sales person. i was a salesman before i got into construction.
i am well. just got done with work. i work at a school.
i have a step child also
that is good to hear. do you have a family?
i don't have any children yet, but hopefully soon.
originally from the usa. i was born in june and moved here
i love it here too. i am going to teach my kids spanish.
i am in school, i am expecting triplets soon
that is awesome. do you live alone?
hi! yes i do! i could use a good book!
that is a shame. i like to listen to music.
that is awesome! i love britney spears
i love to eat low carb foods.
that would be awesome, i will send you some money.
that is awesome. i would read that if i could.
i am a pretty high maintenance person
oh that sounds like fun! i love books
i am good. just working at the custodian part of the store. you?
i love dogs. my parents are not too supportive of me having one, but dogs!
i am a musician. i play the guitar. do you like to play sports?
i am in nyc. i want to be a famous pianist someday
my mom is very supportive, but i don't like her
i don't know about la, but in new york there are many big houses
that sounds nice. i have a dog too. she is a pit bull.
yes, but you can always downsize.
i love to eat candy. i am deathly afraid of heights though.
that is a great idea, i love dogs.
that is fun too. i love the movie mean girls
i don't think i could talk to people with a cat and a dog as pets
i have a cat and dog, they are my best friends.
well, i don't know if that is true, but it makes sense.
i have a dog named mean girls, my favorite movie
that is good to keep up with. i have two dogs
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
i work in a local shelter, and volunteer at the local one.
i am a professional wrestler, so i do a lot of walking.
i work with animals, mostly dogs and cats
i try to work out every other day, maybe that will help.
i am sorry to hear that. what else do you do? i do a lot of volunteering at the local shelter
no, i am single, you?
oh that sucks, are you allergic to anything?
i have a robot i am working on that can be controlled remotely
that would be so nice of you
i am working on a robot for a building project
that is great! what kind of camera do you have?
that is great. i am working on a game myself.
that is cool. i am working on building a robot that will be my body double.
i have to go now. bye.
i am doing well, just playing some video games. how about you?
its rainy and cold, but good.
i am a police officer in detroit
for years now. its a passion. i am also a huge gamer
i love mexican, but i also like to eat on weekends
that is nice. i am a part of the ford marketing team.
oh okay, i don't really do any of that. i like playing games
i play video games and hang out with friends.
i do, i like watching football
i like to bird watch with my cats
i understand. i have a job as an activist for animals.
i am sorry. what is he in the army for?
sorry to hear that. i am sure she is a sweet lady.
i have a hard time saying my age
i eat a lot of carrots and humus, do you have a favorite color?
what else do you enjoy?
i have a dog and cat, do you have any?
wow. that sounds interesting. i like to volunteer at the food bank
that is awful! i am glad that i don't drive, i hate driving!
that is so sad. i am so sorry.
oh no!!! that is horrible
well that does sound like something from a scary movie.
i know but i have to
i am afraid of heights.
i am good how are you
i have never had a bad day, i like reading and kayaking.
no, but my parents taught me some survival skills, i do that for a living
i don't have time for that i am a full time student studying psychology
i like to read as well. do you have any pets?
what kind of dog do you have?
i have one dog, he is a service dog.
i am great! i met taylor swift, she is my idol
i work at convenience store. i love it. what do you do?
just relaxing and listening to some music.
i work in a store that sells groceries
no, i work at convenience store and am a manager.
that is great! what are their names?
i have a cat named radar
yes they do, do you have pets?
well, i am a recording engineer, and own a studio. you?
i am not sad, i am just disappointed
yes you should, it is not good
oh i am too, i have a big family but no children. do you?
i bet you will. do you have kids?
that is nice. i am glad to hear that.
i bet you miss them. do you have any children?
i am good! just got back from the doctors office.
oh i am so sorry to hear that. do you like the park?
yes, i have a daughter. she is a child prodigy. do you?
they are 12 and 15
it is. but i am glad to have them around.
i love comedies and romantic ones
i am a pediatrician, so i have a lot of kids
i am well how are you?
i love wine and dance in the moonlight.
i know i will be here to see it happen one day
because i have a lot of strength and i am very tall.
i don't know, she does not talk much
do you have a hobby?
i am sure it is not that bad
why do you say that?
hello, i am good. how are you?
cool! i am studying to be a banker. i am very wealthy.
i am looking to start my own company.
my name is molly. what is yours?
nice, i have a brother from yale
i am a student at yale. i graduated 2011.
i am a banker. what do you do?
i am going to be a business major.
that is great. do you like to travel?
oh no, i am sorry to hear that.
oh. i like to work on the farm. what kind of videos?
that is cool, what kind of hat?
cool. i listen to country music. what do you do?
a cattle ranch. i love to ride my big truck around.
that sounds very nice. i would love to travel there.
i have a horse named model, i like to call him cow
i love cows, i have a cow. do you like cows?
oh no, i understand. i am about to go to work on the farm.
it would be a long drive, but it would be nice to see.
oh, i am sorry! what do you do for fun?
i am in the country, so it will be at night, i am afraid.
country music, i love it.
nice, do you have any hobbies?
do you like country music?
that is good. i am a truck driver. what do you do?
good, how are you?
my mother is, but not my father. he is a construction worker.
i love the color green. i am a coffee fanatic.
my favorite color is pink
i hope you enjoy it. what do you do for fun
i am a teacher as well. i love coffee, especially when i am on a break.
my father worked construction, he hated it
photography is fun! i enjoy it also.
that is exciting. do you have any hobbies?
i bet it will be lovely!
no i live on a island
oh yes, i would love that. i will bring my little sister too.
i am very sad. i am so lonely
yes! i think so too!
you are right. i would rather be superman
i know how that goes. i am in high school and i graduate in two years.
oh, i see, you stole a purse.
no, i don't. i don't like the horses either
that is good. what are your hobbies?
sometimes, yes. but that does not bother me. i am going to be a nurse.
that is great. i am sure you will be a great cop. i ride horses too
i have purple and lime green things in my house
every day, i love it. do you ride horses?
i am good, how are you?
that is exciting! i am a single father of two.
me too. but i have got this.....
well, i have a job working for a recording studio, but i don't like it
i am a girl. i am a recording engineer. i don't like the real world.
me too. i am a recording engineer and i am scared too
that is good to hear
that sounds fun, i am a recording engineer for a company here in california.
hello, i am mia. how are you?
it sure is. what are you up to today?
i work at a restaurant that serves tacos
i have a brother, we are close. i am the youngest of 3. do you have siblings?
wow! that is so cool. i am sure you guys have a good time.
that is a good food to cook with
i have never been to new york.
i love dogs, i have one named radar
i am doing well, how are you?
that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
what do you do with the naturopaths?
that is awesome! i am a professional tennis player, so tennis is something i do every day
i bet. what do you do for a living?
oh. i don't know much about military. i play tennis.
no not at all, i just put it in the fridge overnight.
i am good. just finished my daily fishing run
i am not, but my name is larry, like my father.
i like to fish and bake but i also enjoy cooking and fishing
i like to cook everything. i am a foodie
cool. what is his name?
that is great. i am a chef.
cooking, i am a very good chef.
great! how are you? i am drinking wine, i love it!!!
i bet you are very smart. what do you do for a living?
i love to dance and sing
that is fun too. i am a bit older and drink too much wine.
you would not. i have a lot of energy.
oh okay. do you like wine? i love wine!
that is awesome. i love the color purple, i drink wine often
i bet! i bet that would make your eyes look different.
no, i am just going for a walk with my dog, you?
oh nice! what do you do for fun? i am a professional tennis player.
a lab. she is very cute. i love her to bits.
i don't have any instruments but i do play tennis.
i bet you do. what kind of music?
i love my instruments too! i am actually married to a doctor.
i play tennis too!
yes. i walk my dog with my husband. we are both musical.
yes it is. what are your hobbies?
you too, take care.
i am doing well, how about you?
i enjoy riding my horses, and i am listening to rock music.
that is nice. i like to help my father farm
i have 3. they are so loyal.
that is cool. do you like to work on cars?
i help take care of our fields, and hang out with my three arabian horses on weekends.
it can be, but when it is done right it is rewarding.
i ride every day, i help my father, who is a farmer.
i am a cancer survivor.
yes, i try to be. i enjoy marathons and have been thinking of joining a new one soon.
wow, you are ambitious. i am still living off of my cooking, though.
i hope so! i also cook well and eat well so i am a natural perfectionist
i am a cancer survivor so i am busy with that
i am very happy. i am going to be a cancer survivor.
we should! tell me about yourself.
nice talking to you also! bye!
i am fine, just got home from work.
i love music. especially country. i love watching my daughter learn to play the flute.
i am only 22!
i have not. i have heard great things though. i love iron man!
cool, i love the park! i go there to go to the park
yes i am, i have been for years now. do you have any hobbies?
yes. you can write about anything as long as you like.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
hello. i am a 45 year old male who recently came clean of alcohol.
i live in the city and my son is in rehab
oh my. i would not be able to help you with that.
that is a bummer. i have been clean for 45 years.
i work as a pharmacist
i am a retired veteran, i have been seeing a lot of people needing help with their issues.
i like to go to the bars and hang out with my buddies. you?
i have a hard time seeing people sometimes
hi how are you doing today
that is nice, i live in the cloud and have super power.
i do like ice cream. i am not very good at it though.
i love to be outside
i am not. i am just a lonely girl. i live with my brother.
no i just live alone. no family at all
they are really cool. i wish they had superpowers
i am in my 30s and i am lonely
that is great! what do you like to do in your spare time?
oh i don't race. i do dance though.
i don't care about fashion, i am not a fan of the color orange
i am sorry you feel that way
i like to dance to it on the weekends. i am pretty good.
i like books about fashion.
i am actually going to be dancing tonight
i am a night person so i don't have a lot of time to race.
hello trish. i am george, my name is george.
my eyes are blue too, but i am close to my family.
friends are good. i have none
that is awesome, i am always looking for new bee keepers.
oh i love my hair too
me too! i have been trying to get my family to eat more papaya though
po box? that is so interesting. do you work?
oh... i have a box too... its filled with bees
hello, no i don't. do you?
i don't like animals.
i like the color purple, i have been thinking of a purple table top.
i like to wear dark colors.
i am so strong i could lift a truck.
i am an old soul. i remember when people had televisions and movies.
i am a very strong woman who can do many physical and mental exercises.
i don't like wine. i am pretty strong though
hi katie! i love to sing songs from frozen. do you?
that would be cool! i like to sing songs from the movie.
yes i love animals and i have a dog named mater
i bet! do you have a favorite character? mine is micky.
mine is brown, what about you?
probably the one with the best songs. i like singing from the movie.
no, but i have always wanted to go to disneyland.
my best friend is micky mouse. i am the little mermaid.
i am well how are you
i have, i am really excited about the soccer game tonight!
thank you! what do you do for fun?
i have a job in the tech industry, its not very exciting
i like facebook more
that is nice, do you go to school
i have solar panels on my bus to school.
good... just hanging out watching some videos on youtube
i am a big fan of ford trucks!
i am 24 years old
i am not sure if my ford pinto will fit in my pinto.
that is cool i like to pretend to be them
i have to pick up my ford pinto every time i go on my motorcycle trip
i have a dog named toby
i am a truck driver so that is what i drive.
hi! my name is lucy. how are you?
not yet. but maybe one day! you?
that is exciting! i have a kid too. he is 12.
what kind of a job is that?
i am a student. what about you?
i don't read much, i am too busy playing with my dolls.
i don't watch a lot of them but i do love music.
i know right? i am a 12 year old girl
hello, i am 32, how about you?
i live in the countryside.
cool! do you have any hobbies?
i don't like sports either, i like to paint and draw.
no. i like to paint.
that would be nice i have to drive to my farm
a german shepherd named kiwi, a labrador and a poodle. you?
yes. i have lots of animals
hi, how are you? i am well, and yourself?
that sounds relaxing, i have a dog and cat. i have two dogs and one cat.
i love dogs. i have one named mater and one named maddie
nice, i am deathly afraid of heights, do you like heights?
i like to cook and watch movies when i get bored
i love to go to the food banks and help out.
i love it too, i also like to help at the food bank sometimes
it does. i am afraid of heights.
i am the opposite, i love to have my animals around me when i am sick.
i work as a car salesman. i hate my job
i like them too, but i am not working any more.
no, my job is my vacation. i sell cars.
i am not married. maybe i should look for a job?
i am a bit of a old lady so board games are out of the question.
i am trying to get a divorce, but she keeps threatening
i like all music. what about you?
i am good how are you?
oh yeah, i love dogs too!
i am only in my second year, and my only family is my husband.
i love to read too! especially when the weather is hot and sunny.
i don't drink but i have a passion for beekeeping.
i am doing ok. do you like to travel?
that is so cool. my dog is named after a pizza.
i have never tried them, i am a farmer
i work as a waitress
i love my family, my mother and my father.
no i was not in the military
to escape my abusive nanny, i have a new life
thank you. i am glad i was able to escape as a young child.
yeah i am from somalia but my parents were not happy about it
i am studying to be a special education teacher.
thank you. you too. have a great day.
hi i am good. how are you doing?
that is awesome. i wish i could wrestle. i have never been big in wrestling.
i am going to be a physical therapist when i get older
i am sure your body is ready. i have to work out everyday to stay in shape.
i will have to think about that, i am still in high school.
i am in high school and i am still in school
me too. i love being around people, i make great grades.
i am in high school and i make as in school.
i have not seen that in years.
yes, i am very. i also meditate a lot.
i don't like to swim, but i love to meditate.
i am a buddhist, and i have not spoke in 3 months. do you have a hobby?
that is very true! i wish i could afford to have them.
do you meditate? it is a lot of work but very peaceful
i don't have dogs. i do have buddhism.
i don't have a lot of time to watch streams since i am studying buddhism.
hello i am doing well how are you?
yes. but i love them all. they are all my responsibility.
i like wine, but i like to drink a bit of tea after a run
nice. i have a mini van myself.
mostly rock and roll.
no, but i do have a mini van
i have never heard of them.
oh nice! do you have any children? i have five boys.
yes i do, i like gambling
i am a student.
i am in school and i hate math
i am a student, so i don't get to mow much.
i will do my best to do so! i don't get much time to play.
i am from cali. where in cali?
do you like to play soccer?
i do, i have made a few snowmen.
hi! i am doing good, thanks. what is your report card about?
i don't have a specific breed, i grew up on a farm
i don't mind foals. they are cute.
i am a senior from a small town, how about you?
i understand that. people are always looking for their best interests in everything
that is awesome. i am working on getting into law
i am a huge fan of chocolate. i am in a very small town though.
i am more of a horse person. i grew up on a farm
hi jennifer, i am kim and i love the color yellow
no i don't but my wife and kids love it
oh wow! that is great. my wife loves gymnastics.
yes! i would like to do some plowing this weekend.
my wife and kids are great, but my 3 children keep me company
i like to plumb too, i am a plumber. what do you do?
i am in texas, i am a plumber.
i have never been but i hear they are beautiful!
i love to party! i spend lots of money on parties
i am a teacher, and you?
i like to volunteer at the food pantry.
do you like to shop? i love shopping for clothes.
i will look into it. i have heard of your store.
i am trying to lose weight... but i need more money
yes i do, i also like to go to the beach.
i don't have time for that. i am too busy tanning my skin.
that sounds like fun! i have been in a lot of bad situations where i shoplifted.
i am too old for your hair color
yes me too. my favorite are the koala bears
i know. i am just so depressed
i have a pet bird. i shoplift and steal.
well, i shoplift at least once a week.
no i did not i shoplift at target tho
i did not pay anything. i shop a lot so my wallet is always out of whack
good, i have two dogs, they are my world.
pit bull and chihuahua. i love country music.
i agree! i love working on my cars and dogs are my favorite!
i have two dogs, they are my life
i would rather not be around a vampire.
haha... you sound like a good person.
that would be cool. i would love that.
you are welcome! i am sure you will be happier after.
i am well. just finished my daily skate session
i bet it is, do you like to skateboard?
that is good. my friends are all skateboarders so i have to wear helmets.
mcdonalds. i am a broke arm away from a broken arm
i like both of those!
i don't. my broke arm is so it hurts a lot. do you?
i love to go surfing too.
what do you like to do in your free time?
i am well. just got home from work in the it industry.
i am just hanging out with my dog and kids
i am a stay at home mom of two, i have a house in florida.
that is cool, my husband is in that field
i own a house in florida with my parents.
cool. i am a stay at home mom and a wife. i love my kids and dogs!
wow, that is great! what do you do?
i like the slots, i play slots sometimes.
i am a grill master, i am fat but in shape
cool. do you have any hobbies?
i like to stay in shape. do you like to play video games?
i love radiohead, but my favorites are the band rush.
i am not laughing, i am dying inside.
i love the band queens of the stone age.
yes, i like it. do you have any hobbies?
i am great. i am just hanging out with my daughter. how are you?
i am a doctor. i love to see children improve themselves
oh that is terrible. i hope you get better soon.
i am a doctor and love my job.
she is a genius. she is the reason my daughter is a kid.
i am a pediatrician, i see kids like that all the time
what do you do for work?
i have a dog. she is a puppy
hi names jon and i am in india
cool, my mom is a very traditional woman.
cool. i am studying to become a computer programmer.
it is nice. i am going to be a programmer
my parents are traditional, i would prefer to be free spirited, but i am not.
i live in cali. how about you?
i am studying to be a computer programmer so that keeps me pretty busy
oh, i love ipod music. do you like to swim?
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
nice! do you like it? i am retired from the gym.
i don't like hiking. i like watching documentaries on the front lines of world wars
retired teacher, but i am always looking for work.
oh okay. do you like it?
i am from california. how about you?
no pets but i do have a cat
no i have not. do they do drugs?
i am a fan of the turtles.
lol. i love man. he is the best.
sure. what kind do you want?
i don't. i don't have a lot of time to play it.
oh that is so sweet, but no, i don't have any dolls.
why not? i am a girl and my toyota is not allowed in my car either
that is true. do you have a favorite color?
just sitting here, bored. i like to do things when i am bored.
cool, i am just getting back from the gym myself.
that is cool. i am just hanging out with my two dogs.
i don't like the smell of the soil
i love to use my hands when i am bored.
i like to watch sports. i am more of an athlete than a fan
i am single. do you have any pets?
oh my goodness! why?
i am good how are you?
yeah, i have been listening to hip hop since the 80s.
what is your favorite color?
do you dance for fun? i love hiphop
i am only 26, so i don't think i am old enough yet.
what else do you enjoy?
what do you do? i am a dancer.
yes i am. how old are you
i am not really a dolls person. i am more into the wonderful things in life.
wow, that is a lot of kids. i am retired now and live a pretty great life.
no but i have great grandchildren and great grandchildren.
nice. i don't have a pet, i am retired now, so i don't have to take care of one.
i don't have kids or grandkids but i have great grandchildren.
i wish i could play with turtles and dolls. i have horrible vision
that is nice. i am not old enough to have a cell phone yet.
i am good, how are you doing?
i do too, but i have to walk to school
i am four. how old are you?
that you cannot see colors, that your hair is brown and not blue
yes i do. it is the same every day. do you have any hobbies?
do you have siblings? i have four siblings.
wow, that sounds intense! i don't like the idea of running.
that sounds like a rewarding job
hey i am also.... i don't have a relationship with anyone right now
that is funny, i am a gym rat that loves cars!
i am a gym rat. i go there to socialize.
it is nice but it is a little lonely.
yeah i have a lot of money so i go to the ones near me
yeah it is, but it is a lot of work
i socialize a lot. i go to the gym, socialize with other people.
i have been to a few concerts with my band.
i am doing well, i work as a watch dealer, what do you do?
that is great, i love to shop, and i love to teach
yes i love them! i have a black one
i am sorry to hear that.
congrats! i just got a black sports car!
mustang. what kind of music do you like?
i try. my dream is to work with the people. not just the products.
i understand. i am a watch salesman, what do you do?
i am good thanks for asking
i have a little sister and her husband.
i love disneyland! i go every year.
i love the little ones. they make my day.
i love that place. i am a kid and i love singing songs from the animated movie.
yes! my friends and i are going to disney world this year.
i do too, we go every year
hello! my day has been good. i have been working on a new job.
wow! you must have a lot of talent.
that sounds like a stressful job. i am looking for a new job.
that is sad. i hope that you get a job that supports you financially.
yes. what do you do for fun?
i like to go to the park and watch movies.
its pretty good. what are you up to?
hello, how are you? i am doing well!
that is a great field to be in, triplets are the dream
thanks! i just moved in with my parents and they are expecting triplets.
oh, i thought it was some kind of party. triplets sounds fun!
i am so excited! triplets are the dream!
i have a step daughter. she is almost 3 and still a baby.
i don't really have a favorite. what is your favorite?
hi! i am doing okay. i am a insurance salesman. you?
about 3 months, i have been at it a while
yes but my father was in the army so i was forced to do it
i don't have a job at this moment. i just started working in insurance.
i am still under the new employment contract, i am a manager at a insurance company.
my father in the army told me he would get me a new job
i worked in the insurance business, i was let go last month
i am sorry to hear that.
i am a super model from italy
i am a model, i am a model for modeling.
i import food mainly. i don't have much family to go shopping for it.
i am a stay at home mom
i have never kayak. i am a bit afraid to.
i have never camped before. do you have any siblings?
yes it is. i like to go to the one in my house.
not really. my wife makes a killer pasta from italian. i love that stuff.
sure! i am a little tired. how about you?
wow, that is so cool. what do you plan to do with it
i like the little ones that talk back to me.
i love to sing songs from the movie frozen
i am in 3rd grade
i am in the 3rd grade
i am not sure really. i do love singing though!
i agree with you there.
hi! i am good. just got back from visiting my cousin in spain.
oh that is great! do you like it there?
i have been there before and it was very nice.
i have been twice. i was there to visit my sister who lives there.
yeah it is hard i am 60 years old and i have been a librarian for 60 years
oh, that is cool! do you sell them?
that is cool. do you like to travel?
hi i like to eat anything but fish i eat raw all the time
that is great, i love to read
i am more of a rock fan.
i have never been able to afford a house. i build for a living.
i have one cat and a few birds. what kind of birds do you have?
i am a contractor for a construction company. i love to do their projects!
i understand that. i am a construction worker.
hi. not really. i am just playing with my imaginary friends
i just dyed mine pink yesterday. i love it too!
oh really? i work from home, so that makes things easier!
i have a lot of hobbies now. i play roleplaying and role playing games.
that is admirable of your dad. do you have any other hobbies?
no i just role play. what about you?
i am addicted to playing games..... persona: my dream is to work from home
hi rob. i am michelle. i play soccer for school.
i am in my second year of high school.
i like the new toyotas, they are nice
i am in school. i ride the bus to school.
i understand that, i am a little crazy sometimes
dogs are nice, i don't have any, but i like soccer a lot
i don't. i am too young to have a boyfriend.
i am only a year older than my brother. i am hoping to go pro this year
i am good thanks for asking
no, i just work there. i do like working with my hands, though.
i work at a gas station, but i am terrified of clowns.
no, i was adopted when i was a baby at the age of 16.
i would love that! i love being outside, so that would be a lot of fun.
not really. i have trouble speaking any other languages.
i was but my dad was trying to get me on a blind date with my ex boyfriend.
i am a man but i love my job.
yep! it is a red drake. it is a dragon!!
no i don't i am not a drinker
i bet you have a nice voice. i don't know what to say to that
i have been for many years.
yes i am a proud member of the ymca
that is so sweet of you!
it is pretty awesome. what do you do for work?
i am glad i did not move away from my family. my father was a construction worker.
i am doing great, and yourself?
cool. i am just enjoying some coffee
that is great to hear. what do you like to do?
well, i hope you feel better. what else do you like?
that is great! i enjoy poetry
i am a star wars fan, and i am a football fan.
oh ok. i am a star wars fan.
what do you astral project to?
sure i love talking to new people
i am still in school. but my teacher parents are gone.
of course you can! you can teach me how to play.
i love board games, what is your favorite board game?
do you have a favorite band? mine is up
oh, i am only 10
that is nice. i teach elementary school.
you should tell me about them. i am interested.
hello, i am fine, how are you?
i am in cali as well. i am trying to get a job in a restaurant.
no i don't have any siblings
i love pasta, what is yours?
do you like sports? i like basketball
i like tom petty. he was an interesting character.
i have a job in a restaurant, i want to work with dogs
i am sorry, i hope you feel better
hi! i am doing well. just listening to some music, you?
i hope you don't have to deal with my parents, they are not very supportive.
that is awesome! my parents are not super supportive of my singing career.
me too. i have a big family so i watch a lot of sports.
i am a woman. do you have any pets?
i am a girl. i am a pianist and i hope to be big in music.
that is a great profession. my parents don't like my pursuing it.
i am not sure i would make it. i don't think i am good enough for that
hello! i am great. i just got a new apartment and am working nights at the bar.
i just found it. i work there. i am the bartender now.
i am studying to be a barista. how about you?
i am sure it would be. i am going to look for a job now
i work at a bar, but i am studying for college
you should get one. i recently got one, and its so much fun!
it is a very busy place, especially on the weekends
very interesting. i work at a bar and i have a friend who lives on one.
hello! i just finished making a lasagna and now looking for a job! you?
wow that is great, what a dream
i am a doctor, i have been a dr for years.
i am a doctor. what is wrong with the bees?
that is too bad. do you have a favorite movie?
i have a daughter who is a child prodigy
yes, i am hoping that is the case.
i have not told you yet, but it is possible....
i am great. what kind of horse is it?
i like horses too, i have two dogs and a horse
no he was not, i am not sure why.
i love rock music too. my parents are both dead so i have a lot of free time
i like to read a lot. i like the bible a lot.
i love to cook but i don't cook much because i never ate a bone in my body ever
i will look into it. thank you for the tip
hey i am sam. nice to meet you. i am currently a recovering alcoholic
what kind of music do you like? i like rock.
i love the beach. i live in the city now.
no i am a man of culture.
i have heard of them, i like the farm music. do you have any hobbies?
i will, i love music.
no but i am trying to cut back
i love board games. i also enjoy going to the board games cafe
i am a football player, for a college.
no but i have a career at a local coffee shop.
no i don't know. i don't watch star wars.
i like coffee, but prefer tea.
what do you do for a living?
yes, i do. i like the new characters a lot.
i have only seen the new one.
i guess. i like the prequels more though
i know the feeling. my mom is from india and we are not very family oriented.
oh nice!! i am currently in a game of thrones marathon
wow. i have never eaten a donut.
i am not sure if i should laugh or not...
that is awesome, you should come to my pool and i will teach you.
oh i love that band too.
i am not going to tell you.
oh. i have no idea who that is.
no, i am a cook. i love to cook. i am also a fish lover.
i am a majoring in art history.
it is a type of food. it is very tasty
don't listen to this guy, he is crazy. don't listen to him.
i do too, and i love fish and chips
oh ok. so do you have any kids?
oh i understand that. i am a major in college and i work in the er.
what type of work do you do?
hi i am great how are you
i used to be a painter, but now i work as a housekeeper.
i have two children that have never been to the us, so i hope you have a better one
i have a housekeeping job now and they don't come by much
i guess. i am not sure i am happy.
that is cool. i wish i was a gymnast.
i like to take art classes
i am. i have a few paintings from my childhood.
i am good, how are you doing?
oh nice. i am in colorado. where are you?
i have a lab, she is a black and white mutt.
that is great. do you have a favorite sport?
i am a mechanic. i live in colorado. where do you live?
i am a mechanic, i love my job!
i don't think that is possible! i am only 40.
i am sure you would enjoy it
i am great. how are you today?
what are you doing now?
that is awesome! i am a fan of star wars!
comedy is the best. i like to play with the lights
superman is cool, i like batman more.
i like football, but my favorite thing is coffee!
i love to take my deer to the creek and shoot it
i also enjoy poetry
i am doing some exercise, i enjoy it
nice. i love rowing and running myself. i love running in the treadmill.
oh, wow. that is not cool.
that is cool i like outdoors as well. i do the treadmill and like it.
what is your favorite food?
i love rowing and treadmill.
blue is a great color, i like blue and red.
cool. i have a dog, and two dogs. i love animals.
i am doing well and you?
i work from home. i am not married.
wow, i am working from home, so i can afford a car.
i have a good relationship with my work mates.
i am sorry. i am sure they miss you
i love spending my money on cars.
yes i love it. i spend my money on cars and other things i like.
i have never met someone who could pray and still went to church.
i am good. how are you doing today?
i love shopping, and finding nice shoes. what brand?
i don't blame you. i am a watch dealer so it is a good job
i like the look of those!
i love to shop and listen to her
i am not sure what that is.
i like shopping for shoes and watches. how about you?
no they don't. i am trying to get into a better job
i am doing well. how are you?
do you like sports? i love watching nhl games.
i work in farming. i am not a very good cook though.
yes i have a german shepherd.
what are you going to school for
i am sorry. do you have family?
that is good. i like to watch nhl hockey
i have been to germany before, i would love to go again.
i am great. how are you?
i sell door to door. do you have a dog or kids?
well my dog and i will go to any event we can get together.
do you like to watch the olympa? i love it.
that is cool. do you sell those?
well i like to walk my dogs
yes i am. do you have any pets?
i would share but i would rather be outside.
i am doing well, how are you?
oh that sounds painful! i have been rowing for a while, it is very relaxing.
i would not recommend it. they might get a heart attack
i am kind, but not too kind.
i am a hair stylist. what do you do?
i am only 56. i have a dog, two dogs and a treadmill
oh, i am sorry. i don't have time to train you. i have dogs.
i don't think i look hobbled.
and god bless you too
hi, my name is jim. i work at the beach as a board game tester.
oh no! i am sorry. i hope it gets better for you.
oh that is a fun sport
i am the oldest of three boys. my mom is a school teacher.
i am so sorry. my parents teach, and she passed away when i was 6.
i like to go for a swim when i get free time
that is cool! i love board games.
wow, that is pretty cool.
i am doing very well, thank you. how about you?
i like to watch documentaries on tv.
i love the green. i like the hills too.
i am a teacher and i teach kindergarten in pennsylvania
that sounds fun, i am currently unemployed, but hoping to get a job as a teacher soon
what are you going to school for?
i live with my husband in pennsylvania, so i have been reading a lot.
yes, it is a good series.
good. just got back from my finance class. how about you?
i am dying mine. i am in my 20s and have a degree in finance.
i am a bit of a nerd
my parents are very wealthy and have a lot of money.
why not? i don't mind it.
it depends on the course, but generally i have heard it is anywhere from 200 to 2 million per semester.
yeah, i am very wealthy and plan to go to business school.
it was nice, but now i work for a big bank.
i am well, how about you?
me too, i am studying french now though, it is my favorite
oh okay, i am a roofer.
i am studying spanish. i am a musician
i am not a great speaker, but i love music!
sure, i am studying french right now
yes, i have one and she is very protective
cool, i love cats! i am also a musician so i love to play music in my spare time.
hi jefferson! i am a girl, so no i don't.
no, but i do have a few close friends.
i am a redhead with a blue eyes and a lot of friends
i am only 12 but i want to be a doctor one day
i did not. i did not learn about stocks until i was 12
do they have any hobbies?
oh, wow. i bet they have a lot of fun with that.
what are your other hobbies?
great. i am reading my favorite book. how are you?
i love to go to disneyland and read books.
my favorite thing to do is read
yes, i have been to disneyland. i love it!
yeah, i have been a mom for 8 years now. how about you?
i love pizza and reading, what do you like to do
i bet. i am a delivery nurse so i get to walk 3 miles each day
delivery nurse. do you have a favorite place to walk to?
i am good. how are you?
i like the csi clock
i work in an office. i am scared of clowns so i am not a fan.
it was ok, i was scared a lot.
it was but now it is just a hobby.
i love to be alone and grow herbs
he sure does. he has been trying to set me up with so many women.
yes i have to deal with it. do you have siblings?
i am great, how about yourself?
i am sorry. do you like music?
yes. i am a kindergarten teacher.
well i work as a kindergarten teacher... but i can be quite versatile.
no, i am not very good at it.
i have been married for 23 years, so it feels like forever already!
yes, i am getting married in spring, i am getting married in the spring
yes they do! they can make you dance.
i don't think that is a good idea. i am 4.
no i don't ride, i am too young for that
yeah, i love singing it to my little brother.
no i am too young to read
oh, how old are you now?
i hope so. i love reading and singing about poetry.
i will. i have a lot of school work ahead of me. i am only four.
i am 4 and my dad is a detective
hello. yes i do. i enjoy football and hockey.
oh that is great. i have a boyfriend but we are not together.
i am a bit of a health nut so i eat whatever is in the fridge.
i don't have a favorite color, i like all colors.
i love blue! i am a nurse at home and we wear blue scrubs all the time.
yes. i love watching football and hockey.
that sounds fun! what do you do for work?
that sounds interesting. i am more of a facebook person.
good, how are you doing today?
that is good. do you have any hobbies?
cool, i am studying spanish. what is your favorite food?
green is my favorite, what is yours?
i love summer, i am a redhead, and i am studying spanish
i have a friend who is in spanish class with me
i play guitar in a band. what kind of music do you play?
i am not sure if i could ever be a pole dancer.
you should read a book and relax. i like reading.
that is ok, i am used to it. do you have any hobbies?
i love reading and walking with my family
i am tall with long flowing hair. how about you?
i am a nurse and i love to read
oh, those are great bands!
lol, you are right. what else do you like to do?
he is a planet... a planet with a lot of planets
i am well. how about you?
i like to be active. i don't get out much though
i like the water too, but i like to swim in a pool.
yes i do we have two boys and a girl
i love the indian food and my mother is a very indian person
yes there are, i love it
i just put some water in the pan and add some salt and butter.
my favorite is beef. i am not much for meat, though.
hello i am doing well, just getting ready for work
what do you like to eat?
i was a baseball player. my dad was in the army so i followed his lead.
i am a insurance salesman. what kind of job did you have before?
it does, i am hoping to get another job soon. what do you do?
i like to eat soft food, like carrots.
i like it soft. i don't like hard meat.
what do you do for a living?
good, just got home from a dance lesson
what team are you cheering for?
yes, you did. i was talking about dancing, what are you up to?
that is cool! i am a dancer.
well he is only 34, i think he is ready.
tom brady. i was just there last week dancing
that is where my parents were from
i am not a fan of rivers
yes it is nice out. i just got in from work.
that is fun! i have a step child. triplets in 3 months.
i work with kids in school. i don't have time for pets. triplets in 3 months.
i don't know. it just seems to come naturally.
yes it is but it is my new home
i just turned 30 this year, and my triplets are turning three! crazy!
i don't have any pets, but my step child does
i just moved into my first house
wow, that is great, i am just taking a break from studying french
that is awesome! i am a sophomore and am studying spanish.
no i am not. i study spanish and study different languages.
i am not but i am in spanish class.
yes, that is a very rewarding career.
nice! i hope i get a nice car when i am done studying spanish
i like the old mustangs too. my dad actually taught me how to drive.
i hope so. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing well. how are you?
that is cool i live in alaska.
yes, i love country music, i also like to meditate
oh, neat. what do you do there?
it is. do you have a favorite sport?
yes. i like to meditate and read the buddhist texts. you?
i have never seen a vintage car before.
i like music but i don't know how to play. i spend most my time on facebook.
that sounds like fun. what kind of music do you play?
nursing home, my wife left me, took my children and my husband
i am a nurse so i don't think i will ever be able to sing
i wish i could get a real job, but i am too fat. i eat way too much
yes, you will. do you have any kids?
that is nice. do you have a job?
i am a hopeless romantic, i spend all my time on facebook.
i am doing well, and you?
yeah it was. what do you do for fun
that is cool. do you own a yacht?
oh no, that is not good! i love to travel, especially to other countries.
you need to take a vacation to eat. it will help you.
that is awesome! what is your favorite food?
yes i agree. i don't have many friends. i am very lonely.
that is an idea. i am not sure how to go about it.
i am well, just finished a delicious vegetarian meal.
i don't eat chocolate, i am vegetarian.
you should play with my dog
i am a dog lover. i love my husband.
i play basketball. i am a vegetarian though.
do you have a favorite team?
i understand them just fine. i am a vegetarian myself.
wow. you are young. i am 30.
sure, i am in my thirties. what do you do?
i am a big music fan. i love to go take a bath in the ocean
its ok. i am still young, and i love playing chess.
that is a good thing. i like to volunteer.
i am 24 and feel like a child.
i live in the countryside, i am in my twenties.
that sounds like a fun way to spend your time.
ah, understandable. i am only in my forties, so i am still young enough.
i love anything that is in a burrito
that is true. do you like music? i love travis scott.
ok, what kind of job do you want?
okay, what kind of dogs do you have?
oh no. that is not good.
i love tacos! what is your favorite food?
i know, but i have to get it out somehow
i hope not, i love the sunshine
i am looking for work. i am a doctor and i like it.
you could. i am looking for a new job.
i would like to see you do that. i would like to see your daughter.
she is a baby girl. i am a dr and love to read to my patients.
no, she was in a accident when i was younger, i am a doctor now.
that is cool. i am looking for work
i am in cali, and my daughter is the first child to be diagnosed with it
i love to build things and travel
oh okay. do you live in a house?
nice! i am just working on my new house.
that is great i like to eat as well
oh, i love paella. i build houses for a living.
i think 10 15. i am pretty good with numbers.
i have a cat, and he is 2.
oh okay. i love fish. i work on houses.
hi i love to cook for friends and family
my civic is loud, it is the only car i drive that is not black.
i am a musician. i am working on a song in my new civic.
it is nice. i like the museums.
i am sorry. what do you do?
i like to eat it with charlie.
a cat. he loves the pizza i bake.
he loves anything pizza.
i am good how are you?
congratulations! i just got a job working at bookstore
no, i don't. i do like to read though
i like to chat with people online. i like to go to book stores.
i don't like to wear pants when i do.
i like to compete in dog obedience classes. do you like to read?
i am not a fan of the color orange. what do you like?
he has a problem, he thinks he s people. i m a bookworm at heart
hi! i am jennifer and i am doing well!
sounds fun! do they like music?
a lab and a chihuahua. they are so loyal
i am, i listen to country a lot, but my favorite is country music
it really is. i love country music.
yes, its my day off. i like country concerts
i have a lot of money.
i am great, how are you?
that is too bad. i am baking a cookie for my dogs
what is your dogs name?
that sounds very true, do you have any pets?
i am not sure what that is, i do like to bake
i will have to see what the requestor offers.
what do you like to do in your free time
that is not good. i am sorry
you should do well. my son is in high school and he wants to be a lawyer too.
i grew up in a trailer park.
i am a stay at home dad so i love to stay home as well.
yes i do, my kids live in the city.
yes i do and he is in junior high
horror movies are my favorite, they are my favorite genre of movies.
yes, i live in the midwest. i love horror movies.
oh, that is awesome. i love horror movies
i am doing good. just had pizza with black olives
that is cool. i am just hanging out with my cat, spooky cat.
i like the who too. they are a good band. do you like music?
no i am too busy working
it does, but i am in ohio. what do you do for work?
i know but i am too busy to go anywhere
oh yeah, i love donuts, and black olives!
i don't really like to eat them. i am a vegetarian
i like it a lot.
i am sorry to hear that. what do your parents do for a living?
i just celebrated my 18th birthday last week!
sorry to hear that. i hope to travel more after i graduate.
he wanted to take care of my fish... i have a fish too!
haha.... i guess.... you are funny!
thanks for the support! i hope you have a good night
i am not sure, but i love gyros. what do you like to eat?
i love italian food and garlic bread. i am a gold medalist
i love eating all italian food and i am an olympa
i like to workout, i am a gymnast, do you like that?
i am not sure i know her. i like eating all the time.
i love italian food. i will bring my favorite, garlic bread.
i am not sure if i could do that, i have to go now, my gymnastics medal is on me.
oh yeah. carbs are the bomb. i am a gymnast, so i am all about carbs.
i love alaska. i am going to go there to take some sunrises.
that is nice where do you like to travel
i have never been a huge fan of movies, but i have seen a few.
that is great. i have been a double. i am a stunt double.
i am a vegetarian, but i do eat all sorts of food, especially non gmo.
i have a single parent household, i have never broken a bone.
i am a vegetarian, so the food is not something i am used to.
i am doing well. how are you?
wow, what is your favorite instrument? i play basketball
what are you having dinner?
i am trying to find a job in a restaurant i am looking for.
that is awesome! do you like your job?
that sounds interesting. i like music, especially jazz.
i am. i work at a local dentist. what do you do for fun?
i have 3 arabian horses, you?
haha, i will send you a few pounds of beef jerky
oh i am not into babies... i do like rock music
wow, sounds like fun! i am from alabama, where are you from?
i will try to bring some old stuff over. what are your hobbies?
its a lot of work, but it is fun.
they do... names are listed on the side of the farm.
that is good. i don't have kids so i am not as busy.
it was ok. i was watching a movie with my cats.
oh, i like to bird watch. i am too old to watch any more.
not much just watching the animals how about you?
just the normal blonde right now. i am a vegan so i try to eat healthy
i like purple. do you have any pets?
i like animals so much
i have to take care of my cats
yes, i have three cats and two birds
i am doing great how about yourself?
i am sure you are not too old
i don't have any kids, but i do have a cat and dog.
i am a party planner. i love going to party events!
that sounds like it would be fun.
i don't know if i can learn to play the piano like you do
well they do. it was nice chatting with you.
i live in california as well, but i love the mountains.
i am a little girl and i feel like a little kid.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any superpowers?
oh no! what were you doing?
super strength. i wish i was not lonely.
i hope you enjoy your 30 days, i do too
i live in a huge cloud, i am just a little girl.
i am sure there is, i have not been out there in years.
i hope you don't live in the city.
i am well, thank you! just finished my morning workout.
oh wow, i am not sure how i missed that
that is cool, i am a gym freak. do you have any hobbies?
that sounds like a great way to spend the day.
i like cats. i am allergic to dogs though.
i like to run with my roosters
that is nice of them. do you like music? i like the gym.
ll. that is a great idea! i will have to try that.
hello how are you doing today
jesus is a good man. i just moved to the country and am ready for the big things.
i don't eat meat, but love pizza. where do you live?
i have a dog too. his name is charlie. what is your puppy named?
lol. i don't know about that. my step kids are all in their 20s.
i have a 2011, but i am hoping for a triplet soon.
i will, thank you for the suggestion
i am good, just got done driving my bmw. i love it.
that is great! i am glad you are doing well.
oh that is wonderful. i wish i learned how to sew
his own clothing. i have a degree in finance.
i love to read and watch tv
it is very cold. it is very windy.
that is cool. i graduated with a degree in finance.
i have a degree in business
i am great how are you?
i don't have any pets. i am in the 3rd grade. do you have pets?
i like vanilla ice cream but only when it is frozen.
do you like singing? i like to sing songs from the movie.
i work for the government as a computer technician.
i am in 3rd grade and have no idea what that is
that is awesome. what is your favorite movie?
that is so cool. i am not good at sports.
i am good! how are you?
i play the guitar, but i am addicted to playing games and role playing
wow! that is awesome. what is your favourite color?
interesting! what do you do for work?
i don't like them, they are too sweet. i like vanilla.
that is a great one too! do you have a favorite game?
i am a college student, so i am addicted to roleplaying
probably dungeon and dragons. i love roleplaying games and dungeons and dragons.
it is going great! how are you?
i work at a gas station. i am always in my work clothes
i am terrified of clowns.
i bet. i was adopted at a very young age.
well i am sorry to here. what is going on?
that is so sweet. how did they treat you?
yes i know. i am a clown and i have been told that is not good
my father tried to set me up on blind dates. i don't like that.
i am good. i just came back from pong practice. i love that sport
that is so fun. my dad works for an electric company.
wow. i am trying to learn how to speak chinese
that is a tough job. do you have a family?
that sounds like fun. do you like ping pong?
yeah. i just don't know when. do you like to travel?
ok, i am off to work, electrician
i am good, just got in from a walk with my kids. how are you?
i love reading, i read every day, do you read?
not really. do you work?
both! i have a lot of work to do.
oh no! what are you doing?
i am a nurse at the baby delivery center.
i am in ohio as well. what do you do for a living?
i bet it is. i am used to colder weather. i am used to the cold
great. just got back from a nice dog bath and chess game. you?
i have been playing chess with my dog.
i am a student. i am in my thirties.
i like babies, but i am divorced
do you have a family?
no, i don't. do you have any pets?
do they have any dogs there? i have one named tiki.
you too! thanks for the great conversation.
i have not but i would love to sometime.
not really. i prefer playing golf
i am 32. i am a stay at home mom.
i am employed by the postal service. i am a postal worker
my dad was a postal worker.
no, i don't have any pets. i am not married.
i have a german shepherd and a german shepard, both purebreds.
good. i just got done with my finance class. i am a banker.
i just graduated with my bmw and plan to go to business school
i have a bmw and i am a huge fan of bmw
yep. i am going to graduate in bmw. its my dream car.
that is cool i graduated in 2011 with a degree in finance. where do you want to move to?
have a good night.
see you soon
you too have a great day
just sitting here with my dogs, they live with me
i like the treadmill, but i am not very tall so it can get hard to keep balance.
no, not really. i like my two dogs
i don't have a lot of time for music, i spend all day at the gym.
i am into hip hop and r b. you?
nice. i am into the gym and rowing machine. i like to run.
nice! i have two dogs. they live with me.
i don't have a job right now, but i used to work as a pianist
i am good, i just finished taking a dance class, how about you?
i was born in the early 80s and i still remember all the moves
i have been dancing since i was little. i have been dancing since i was born in the 80s.
do you like to dance?
i like board games too. i have a lot of friends on the block.
i have never played monopoly. i would rather dance with my friends.
i was not allowed to dance in class until i was 18
good, how are you?
do you like to exercise? i do, i like to run.
do you have any hobbies?
thanks. i am hoping to go to school to be a financial analyst in the future
i am sorry. my kids are my pride and joy.
that is amazing. i wish i could afford a new one.
oh, i hope she does too. what kind of music do you like?
i am a bmw owner, so i know what you mean.
i am good, and you? just came back from the beach
i call my fish fish a fish, what kind of tea do you like?
oh that is really cute, do you like any other animals?
i see! i don't drink. too much stress for me!
i can speak german, english, french and spanish.
i like to fish, especially in the ponds.
i love oranges, i eat them a lot.
yes. i am not really a fan of black.
i am doing great. just got done with my nightly dog bath.
i am single as well. i am also single.
yeah they are my boys. do you have any pets
haha. i like to go to the casino and gamble.
i like dogs, i have two
i don't play any instruments.
i am 32. they are the worst
yes! they are so young they don't even know. they love the water
hi there, i am good, how are you?
yes it is. i am a waitress. you?
horror movies are the best.
i love john gresham. do you like any other movies?
i started a new job 3 months ago, a taxidermist.
nice! do you enjoy working in the industry?
cool. do they like to watch tv?
i am still in school. i just started a new job.
sure, what is your favorite thing to do?
i love country music. my parents live in the country.
i do, but i am not a fan. i prefer hip hop.
i don't eat or drink anything. i work full time.
i don't drink or do drugs
true, but i have a part time job at burger king
no i don't like drugs or drink
my parents are so hard working, they make me take care of them.
i like it too but i am more into winter
yes i agree! i am also a very organized person, i keep things organized.
do you have any pets?
just a dog for now, i am a school teacher, so i have a lot of dogs!
i have one and love it, i also have a garden
middle school. what about you?
wow. what grade does she teach?
i teach sundays as well. i am a teacher.
hi! i am looking for a job, but i don't know what to apply for.
i love basketball, i want to play professionally.
i love to shop for shoes. what kind do you like?
i am looking for a restaurant to play basketball at
i am looking for a job at a restaurant, what do you do?
i hope so! what book are you writing
thanks i hope i can find a nice job too
no problem have fun too
i am michael. how are you today?
i am a huge fan of star wars
oh yes. he is my favorite too. i also enjoy poetry.
i am a huge star wars fan.
yes! i love that movie. do you watch much star wars?
that is cool. do you like star wars
do you like star wars?
that would be nice i am into star wars.
i love to sing in the shower.
lol, i love red too! i am going to be a physical therapist, maybe i can stop by
yes. i was in high school when that happened.
i don't, but i want to be a therapist when i get older.
no i don't own one i am still in high school.
i want to be a physical therapist
yes it does, but when i graduate i want to be a therapist like my dad
i am doing well, just got a new job. how are you?
i like music too. i play softball
trabajo, that is a cool word. what do you do for work?
what do you do for work?
that is cool i am more of an insurance person.
thanks! he left when i was young so i am not sure what he did.
thanks. it is ok, i just need a new job
me too, but i am worried about my career
i am good and you?
i am a student, but i am also a full time working mom
that must be a lot of fun
it is. but i love it.
no i am a graduate student
i am studying to become a psychologist
i like shortbread too, especially the ones with extra cheese
yes. i am also a psychology grad student.
i am well thank you. i was just coloring a book.
i am in marketing, it is boring.
i am a farmhand, i work on corn and peas.
that is cool, i like to watch hockey
no. he is a german shepherd.
i like pizza. i like to watch nhl games. you?
go yankees! what do you do for a living?
wow! i am a farmer. do you work?
hi! no pets, do you?
do you have a motorcycle?
roscoe the dog was such a good movie
that sounds like fun! i have no idea what color my skin is. is it light?
i am a waitress at a cafe.
that is cool. i have never been there. i will have to check it out
i understand. what do you do for a living?
i am not sure. but it does sound like a scary place.
my favorite color is blue. how about you?
i am not sure i would want a pet fish.
i like orange. it is the best color
that is good. i am not free, i have no support.
well, my dad does not support my career choices.
i am not that smart. i just love to shop and find new styles.
i am a watch salesman. i like it because i get to spend time shopping with my clients.
no. i am not sure what i am born with.
i am good. i have been practicing my tennis skills.
well my wife is constantly growing and we are all very happy
i love to walk with my dog, he is my best friend!
i don't have any hobbies but my dog helps.
you will be rich! my husband loves puppies and we have two
yes i would love to hear you
no problem i was just curious
that is a very relaxing hobby.
great! just got in from working at the gas station
do you like gardening? i love it
oh, how old are your parents?
i love country music, but i also love rock.
me too! i love working with my hands.
i am more of a homebody, i have never been to a mud race
yes, i work with my hands.
i am skateboarding right now. what are you up to?
cool! i love star wars as well.
i am a morning person so i am usually up late
that is awesome i like to skateboard
i am not much into football. but i do like skating
i don't like to write, i like to skateboard
maybe. i would have to get a new hat. i always wear a goofy one.
my name is lucy. whats yours?
haha... what else do you do for fun
i am a lady who wears a lot of blue.
i don't play any video games. i am a woman and my wife is a vegetarian
i am a woman, what about you?
i love carrots and peas.
what else do you enjoy
i am a vegetarian, so i have to be careful with my food.
hello. i am from california. where are you from?
i am in cali. i have a garden and love to walk outside.
that is cool i love listening to the newie mes
yes, i love to garden and walk outside. you?
i enjoy gardening and walking outdoors. what about you?
oh ok. what do you do for work?
i have a couple of dogs, i love to walk them outdoors, you?
i love to garden and take my dogs outside.
hi, i am linda. i am also a librarian.
i am a librarian so i don't travel too often
that is great! do you have any other hobbies?
that is awesome! i love to travel so i will retire in a few years
i hope he does! do you have any kids?
i love the guitar! i am actually a librarian so i travel a lot
i love going to new york city and paris.
wow... i am a librarian and i have traveled there...
hello jefferson! what do you like to do for fun?
oh, i love to sew, and have a big sewing group with my husband.
that is good. i am retired too. i enjoy sports such as running and basketball.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a vegan
what is your favorite food?
that is not healthy, i am a vegan
i love to run. what do you do?
i am in new york. i don't have time to run. i love sports!
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
do you have a horse?
i dance and like hip hop. what do you like?
i like new kids on the block. i take dance class sometimes
i don't either but i love hip hop
i want to dance to old school hip hop
i am a dance teacher. i take classes once a week.
hey coach jon i am ray from florida.
i am a star wars fan, and a star wars fan.
i am a meataholic, i eat meat for breakfast, lunch, and then steak for dinner
i am not a fan of burgers myself
i have a job at star wars factory
oh no. i am so sorry. do you have any hobbies?
well, i enjoy star wars, and i also enjoy poetry.
hello, sure. i am a college student. you?
yeah its hard. i have a hard time keeping my hair long.
i love to play games but i don't have the attention span for it
i bet i would be
i did. it was boring. i wanted to be a veterinarian.
i play games online mostly.
it pays. but it does take a lot of time to get things moving.
i guess so, i am not a fan of it.
i am good, just had a taco. how is yours?
i live in alabama. what kind of dog do you have?
i work at a restaurant, but my brother is a salesman.
i am a vegetarian, so i don't eat animal products.
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies? i love to bake.
all three of my sisters like them!
i am a taco lover. what is your favorite kind?
yeah. what do you do for work?
hi, i am larry. i am a chef. what do you do?
hi how are you today?
that is awesome! do you have a favorite superhero?
i like those too. i like all superhero movies
that is cool. i like comic books
i am not very good at using it
i love roses too, i am also a huge fan of comic books.
i am doing good. just got back from a long haul hike
i am a big knit and crochet fan
well, i am a hopeless romantic. and you?
that sounds like a lot of energy! i am scared of dying.
that sounds like fun! i like to knit and knit things too.
what is your favorite color?
two. i have two. do you have any pets?
they are great. i am scared a lot though
i don't know a lot about construction work. i am just a cook
i love traveling, so i try to go as much as possible
i am trying to save up for a yacht so i can live on the water.
i have not. i am not good at it. i am more into cooking.
it was nice. i enjoy the cooking and the food.
it is about 3 million a year.
don't know much about bitcoins.
sounds great. i am traveling the world so i will be on a yacht soon.
i am good and you?
i like to read poetry, and star wars. you?
oh wow. i am sorry to hear that. do you like star wars?
not yet. i am hoping to get to the moon one day.
i used to, but not as much now that the new dorms are open.
oh. that is pretty cool. i like star wars.
i like star wars the best
i love reading. i have been working all my life so i could never get into it.
i am in construction and i love nascar.
i do like tea. i drink it when i can. i am in construction.
i have been gardening a lot lately.
i work with cars. i am a mechanic.
i like mexican food. what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. what kind of books do you sell?
that would be a fun job
hi i am good how about you
a nursing home.
oh wow. that sounds like fun. i am studying to become a nurse
do you like chicken? i do.
i understand. you have any pets? i have a cat.
wow. i bet that is a lot of work. are you in school?
i live in cali, but i am in college here.
i am not a huge fan of the food but that is about it
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
oh i see. i am still in school
my father played the violin in the same ww2
up in ontario. i love the cold weather.
i don't, but i do enjoy visiting the local shelters, which is something.
that sounds delicious. i love the homeless shelter
i am going to do that, i love the piano
i am sure you could find a way to turn that around
i like country the most.
spaghetti is good. i like working on cars
sounds like it could be an interesting story to tell.
oh that is nice... what else do you like
i like country music too. do you like country music too?
that is pretty unique i bet you like country music
hello. my name is sarah. how are you?
triplets, i just moved in to my first house
i have never been! is it really fun?
i just moved to the country and i love summer
that sounds great. i just moved to the uk to work.
i don't like to walk, i am used to a bike. i have 3 kids already
i do too, but i am expecting triplets! i am so excited.
i am a retired teacher who enjoys sewing.
i am retired and enjoy spending time with my grandchildren.
i am 77, i am retired now but i still like to stay active.
oh, i see. i am sorry. do you have any grand kids?
i can sew my own clothes, that is what i do
i wish i had a job but i retired now and have great grandchildren.
i have a great grand child and grandkids
i hope you do, i have wonderful grandchildren and great kids.
hello, how are you today?
thank you! do you have any other interests?
yes! i want to go to school to be a physical therapist.
i would like to be a physical therapist when i am older
oh wow!! what is your favorite food?
i am. i have a good body but a terrible head lol
i don't have a snap chat
i don't have time to go the gym, i have to study and get my ged.
hi jefferson i am a night owl
i am only 33
i like to watch racing on my bike
they loved me. they even let me race their bikes for a living.
i like to ride my motorcycle.
i have a helmet that is made of red
yes i agree with that.
that is ok. i am not old, but i look older. i have big eyes and brown eyes.
i am doing very well. just sat here in school.
high school, i am a senior in high school
i have a kid too, he is in third grade.
i like soccer. i am only a little bit older.
i have never been to a soccer game, i don't like sports.
i am 13, that is why i play soccer.
yeah i am sure it can, i am only 13 so its a learning curve
yes, i have my studies and my mommy to keep me busy.
i am good, just got done playing with my fish
just finished feeding my pet fish
i am a little older and prefer action movies myself.
my favorite is orange. do you like fish?
not really, but i like music. do you have any hobbies?
i am a freelance writer
i don't know anything about transcription.
i am a woman. my first child is coming soon
i am still in school, just started a new job 3 months ago
yes i do! i do nursing and baby sitter. you?
i am pregnant so i have a lot of time to watch
a boy! we have been together for 5 years. how old are you?
i love blue, i am pregnant
i know right, it is so beautiful
he is a little disappointed that i am not as busy as he is.
i guess. i don't like people who don't like people like me.
i am not a big fan, but i love helping out at the soup kitchen
i am retired now, but used to be a gym teacher
oh my! i am so sorry to hear that.
i see. i am a retired gym teacher
i am not sure who that is, but i will look him up.
that is the right attitude to have.
no. i was always poor.
hello darlene! i am doing well. i am jessica.
i don't. i don't have time for hobbies. i am working so much.
i am so overweight, my kids don't agree with me that i should be a nurse
i understand. i am so overweight, i don't believe in god.
i am a huge folk metal head.
i don't know how to play anything.
nope, i don't have time for them. my hours at the nursing home are taking up all my time
i am married to my wonderful wife. i spend most of my time with them.
cool! i love dolls, i have a doll collection with a lot of different styles.
oh no. what do you do for a living?
that is amazing. i work as a watch dealer, so i am always shopping for them.
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
no, i am not married. you?
i don't think i will. my parents don't really support me either.
yeah. i am hoping to find the right person to buy it for me.
i am doing good, just practicing playing the violin. how are you?
yes, i can imagine, i have to go now, have a nice night!
that sounds awful! my dad is an expert on electricians, he is an electrician
oh i am sorry. do you speak any other languages?
no i am still in school
i hope you don't have to work.
you should learn it. it is very fun
i love playing the violin, but i don't have much time to play it.
i am great! i have been working all day with my cats. how about you?
what do you do for a living?
just watching birds with my cats.
cats, dogs and birds
do you have any pets?
oh that is great. do you enjoy animals
because i have no kids, so i just hang out and don'thing.
i am too old to be depressed.
i am great! i just got done working at my watch dealer.
i work as a watch dealer.
i love grocery shopping. what do you do at your supermarket?
i love pizza, i work at a watch dealer.
i have a friend in ohio. we go shopping together.
oh, i love cats. i have a cat too.
i am from new york. what do you do?
i am well and you
oh okay, well i am a teacher at a local shelter.
i am a piano teacher at the local shelter.
i am sure it is! i teach piano, and play many instruments.
i am in my 20s and you?
oh, wow. i teach piano, so i don't have a lot of spare time.
i teach music, i am a music teacher at a local shelter
i love to watch the nhl game
that is great, i love folk music too.
i love music, but don't play much, i live in a rural area.
i have a dog, he is a german shepherd
i live in a rural area, so i watch nhl to stay fit.
that sounds like fun, do you have a band
that is good i hope i can get a job in the future
i love hockey, i have a german shepherd
i am sorry. i love the outdoors, so i am always out mowing the lawn.
i am so sorry. do you like to gamble? i love it.
i bet she was pretty. what did you win?
i am sorry to hear that. i am retired now, but enjoy mowing the yard.
yeah, but not country. more pop.
i like country music. i don't like country though.
what do you do for a living?
i am great, just finished coaching my baseball game
i have 5 kids and a wife. i love kids.
it really is. i like wine, but only when it is cold.
i am sure it does! i am a bit of a wine fan myself.
i like grapes, i also love wine
i have a mini van.
no, i prefer to listen to music.
i like them too. they have a nice sound.
hi, its going well! i am studying for a quiz. you?
me too. i don't like chicken at all.
i study at a very elite ivy league school
i bet! i love cooking paella. do you have a family?
it really is. i like to eat fish and chips
i bet! what are you unpacking?
i have been to europe once in my life, it has been great so far
i am great. i am four.
i don't like cake. i want to be a dog.
i am four. you sound like a great parent.
i want to work with animals. my favorite thing is singing about letters.
i have a lab. do you like chocolate?
they sure are! i am 4 and they love to play on the porch.
maybe a chocolate cake that makes you grow taller. i love chocolate!
i like that! what kind of music?
hello, i am great! how are you?
i love watching soccer. do you have any hobbies?
i am not sure what i will do if i cannot go to the dance floor.
i bet you are really smart. i am not a very good math person.
yes everything except the last few frames. i have a pretty strong arm.
i bet. i have to be careful because my muscles are so huge!
the rise of the machines, i would assume.
yes. i am a very strong person.
hello, i am doing great. how about you?
i am not really into running, but i love fishing.
it is. i am not a big fan of cooking though.
that is great. i am a fisherman.
i love salmon, and tuna. i like to fish with my husband.
i love to cook, but love reading too.
i like reading comics books
hello, i am doing well, how about yourself?
congratulations! what are your plans for the birth?
triplets! my step kids. we are expecting a boy and girl.
i just moved into this country, so i am expecting triplets
congratulations! i just recently moved to the country so i don't have many pets
no. i am expecting triplets so i am making a vegetarian meal.
yes it is. my kids are already 2 and 3.
that is nice. i just moved into my own place.
i am doing well. how about you?
that is great, what do you do for work?
i have never had a chance to ride them. too busy with my gaming addiction.
it was boring and i did not get to work from home often.
i love classical. how about you?
that is awesome. i love music.
i like to role play with my internet addiction
i love it there. my favorite place is home
i am doing well, and you?
what do you do for work?
i have a wife, 2 kids.
i am thinking of having two kids one girl and one boy
yes it would. do you have any hobbies?
wow that is a lot. i don't have kids
i have 2 kids so i can relate
oh, i see. do you like to roll call?
that is very interesting, i am a insurance salesman.
i love the lord, but my father is a military man.
thanks. i just got a new job, it was not bad. what do you do?
i am retired and now i work in the insurance business.
that is cool, my dad was in the army, so i have always had connections.
i am still young, i just got fired. i am not happy
it can. i don't like the new job, i have to get used to it.
i agree, but i have to find a new job, which is hard with the insurance business.
good, how are you?
i have never seen that show.
i am not a good swimmer. i am a vegan
i am a vegan and have never been vertigo.
that is cool. i am more into cooking shows.
that is cool. i am a vegan and love hummus.
that was a good show, but i prefer to watch movies.
yes, it does seem that way. what do you like to do for fun?
great. just drinking my favorite drink, coffee!
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
that sucks, you can always go to school to pay for your car
i don't like my nephews, i like wine though.
i have 5 sons. i am the baby in the family
anything that will make you feel relaxed and cool.
i love to go to the movies and hang out with my friends.
i am good and you? i am cooking but i am not very good at it.
what kind of dogs do you have
no. i am not married. are you single?
i am going to try some new food soon. i love to cook, but i am not very good.
that is so cool! i am going to cook a lot more this year
i love dogs! i have two. do you have any?
aw that is nice i am sure they are great dogs
i would love to travel the world and cook new dishes.
hi i am great how are you?
i like country music. my hair is brown.
i like country music, you?
i hate math as well...
you can always look down on yourself.
oh i am not much of a soccer person, more of an action movie kind of guy
friends are the best. i am the same way.
not really i don't mind
that is cool. i live in a farm community, so not much opportunity to do that.
i am not sure what you mean. do you mean you like hockey?
my husband and i love bacon, we also love nhl.
my dog is my best friend
i bet. i am in a rural area, so i don't have many friends.
that is wonderful of you!
me too. i am going to paint it.
thanks, me too. what is your favorite food?
i like crystal too, especially when i drink tea
no, i am not blind. i have contacts.
blonde, i love roses.
i like to drink but i am mostly deaf
i dance, i am a bit of a hippie so i don't partake.
i am the curator at the local museum, i have a huge collection of books.
i have read angel investor. i also grow roses in my garden. do you?
being partially deaf, i cannot laugh. i cannot even type.
hi, i am from nyc. how are you?
i love the city and its history, i teach piano in the city.
i am also, i teach piano.
i teach piano, i have played for years. what do you do for fun?
ohio is a great city, i love the water.
i love cats! i have a cat named roc.
i am an aspiring violinist.
pizza is good, i like to volunteer at the homeless shelter.
hello! i do! i love watching sports, do you?
i teach elementary school.
that is great! i love taking photos
no i am just a teacher for 8th grade
i am in texas but i am moving to new york for a boyfriend
not really. i am a bit afraid of traveling.
i am a female, but i don't know if i am attracted to men.
i am doing well. i live in a farm. i love animals.
i am a rural farmer, so i don't have any.
social media is great. i am a bit of a nerd. i prefer reading.
i am in the south. i am trying to plan a trip there.
i don't really watch much. i just enjoy coloring books
i watch. my husband plays in the nhl. you?
i like to paint. i am not great at it but i do try.
i love twitter! my husband and i like to use it.
hi! how are you today? i am just a little girl
no, i am a grown woman. and yellow is mine.
no, not really, do you? i like making time stop.
that is great. i have a medal too, but i am a little girl.
i don't, do you?
i try to be, but i am a little light. i am a little girl.
i can fly, but not very far. i have a lot of super powers
that is good, i am doing well. what do you do?
that is cool. what do you do for fun?
i am a professional wrestler
that sounds comfortable. i am more comfortable in a wheelchair.
i do too, i also like to volunteer at the local homeless shelter
i am a pro wrestler, so i am in shape.
what kind of music do you listen to?
thank you so much! what do you do in your spare time?
hi there, i am in alabama, hows your day so far?
hi there, tracy. i have a dog. do you have pets?
oh, that is nice. i live in alabama and i am surrounded by alabamians.
that is awesome! i am in alabama, where are you?
that is so cute. what is her name?
that is cool, i have a sister and her husband.
my brother is earl. do you have any brothers or sisters?
hi joan, i am a famous youtuber and i am building a robot
i am too, i am working on a robot that will be my body double
that is great! i am working on building a robot to help kids learn faith.
that is great, i am a big church person
yes, i am building a robot that will be able to stream twitch.
yes, i also love walking. i am also allergic to water.
i am going to build a robot to be my body double.
hello, i just moved to new hampshire from germany
i do, i am currently studying at the university of germany
i am in school right now to be a nurse
i don't have time for that, i am in the army.
i have been to the water before. i love rollercoasters and sky diving.
i have never been to the beach
well you should learn to swim, that is a good skill to have
what are some of your hobbies?
i am well, and you?
my husband has a lot of wisdom, but he is not around much.
no. i am not really that concerned. i just take care of my family.
no, but i have two children who like to run.
i love meat, i used to eat a lot of meat, but now i eat vegetables.
i agree, my health has declined as i age.
what do you do for a living?
i was tired of painting houses, so i decided to go into interior design.
hi jefferson. i am a teacher at a school
he does like it, but i don't speak any other languages.
i like to take pictures of things.
cool! i am taking a trip to europe next week.
i loved it, it was my first job teaching.
no, just a hobby. what do you do?
it sure does! i teach in an elementary school
what do you do?
i am great, thanks! and you?
that is awesome, do you have any hobbies
i have blonde hair and brown eyes, what about you?
i am going to school for nursing. i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
that is great. where is it?
i like to eat chicken
ok. have a nice night!
do you like to drink?
i am well. i have been busy with school.
i am sorry. what do you do for fun?
no thanks, i am too young for that.
i can tell you that i am in high school.
that is awesome! i want to be a physical therapist when i get older, but i have a hard time with anxiety.
that sounds yummy. what do you do for fun?
i hope so, i want to be a professional athlete.
i am only 19, how about you?
hi! i am good! how are you?
i don't have a mom. my mom is dead.
do you like the frozen movie?
that is so cool. i don't have any siblings
i am the 3rd grader in the 4th grade
i like soccer too! i play with my friends. i am in the 3rd grade now
i do! it helps me get through the 3rd grade.
i have not told you yet. but i am in the 3rd grade.
hi, no. do you?
that sounds fun. i am into traveling myself.
mostly fiction, but i enjoy travel too!
yes i have been twice, i love the food.
yes, i am fluent in spanish
french, how about you
i have traveled to spain a few times.
i have never heard that before
i am doing great! how are you?
i know! i am a blonde girl who wears a lot of jeans.
i am sorry i guess. i am not a big dresser either
that is sad. i like to play video games, especially when i am sad.
that is cool, do you have any hobbies
cats are cool too, but i like dogs better.
my favorite shirt is a band shirt, it has a rainbow pattern.
i am good and you?
i like all kinds of music. i like to listen to country music while mountain biking.
that is cool. i am more of a mountain biking kind of guy.
i don't like cars. i like to mountain bike.
that is terrible. i am so sorry
yes it is but it is a lesson learned.
i am sorry to hear that, my dad was a construction worker, so he drank a lot.
hey there, how are you?
i am good. how are you?
it is a game, i have been playing it for a few months now.
i am thinking about making it a robot that plays guitar.
i am a programmer. i am working on a new game that will be released next year.
oh nice!! i love country music!
i did. i am also working on a robot for the game.
it does not. i am allergic to water.
oh, that sounds like a fun job! i don't work yet, i still am in school.
wow! i have a brother but we don't talk much yet
cool. what branch? i am in the army.
i did not go to school.
i have not given much away, but i do like to donate
that is so sad. i hope they find peace
oh my gosh that is awful!
i have a shiva. i love it
i am well, how about you?
i am from new york. how about you?
i have never been to one either. i have always been a doctor.
that sounds like a lot of fun.
what are you up to this weekend?
i see, i am a doctor so i get to see a lot of patients
she is very good at it. she is also good at playing with other kids
i have never heard of that. i will look it up.
i am more into music myself
nice, i am looking for a job at a restaurant.
i am sorry to hear that, but you are not alone. my older sister is home with us.
i am not sure i follow. i am looking for work right now.
i play basketball. i am looking for a job.
what do you do for fun?
i love going out to eat.
i am, thank you. i am well, and yourself?
i like the raptors. you?
i am a man. i am male. do you like sports?
i have two dogs as well
i have a couple of cats. they are not much of a hassle.
oh. i have a couple dogs. do you have pets?
canada. my house is in florida, but i have a few acres of land here.
that is too bad, i enjoy my pets and kids in the states.
i am doing well. studying for my college exams.
i would love to see it. i love spanish coffee.
trabajo is cool. what is your favorite color?
my dad was a construction worker and i learned spanish from him.
hopefully learn something about the construction industry. i love biking and coffee
i am addicted to coffee
i agree. i love coffee. i don't drink alcohol either.
i love to mountain bike and mountain bike to the music store
good. just got done eating a huge burger and fries. you?
what happened to you? i don't drink soda.
i understand that. i have a boyfriend.
that is awful! i am sorry to hear that.
do you have any hobbies?
that is funny, do you like to eat food then?
that sounds like a lot of fun
do you have a boyfriend? i don't.
i am great! i am joe! whats your name?
i love cheese burgers! i am a big reader.
yes it is very helpful.
that is cool. i love reading, so i don't get enough of that
cool. i enjoy reading. i am also into kayaking.
that is sad, i bet they were good dogs
i am sure you will. i am an advocate for the environment.
that is awesome, i hope i am too when i retire.
i am doing great how about you?
its a lot of fun. i like working with my hands
i don't have much experience with knitted clothing
no i did not i adopted at a very young age
i love all animals. i don't have a particular animal.
i have, but i am not really into that. i like gardening.
that is so cool. i am a bit of a clown. i hate clowns.
sounds like a great place to live
well, i am retired and i just play games with friends.
i did not work much but i did win a lot of money
i love candy, but i like gambling more. you?
you will not. i am retired.
that is good, do you have any hobbies?
i don't, but i like to play pool.
i am partial to cheese myself, myself.
hi how are you doing today?
reading is fun, i like to read in my spare time.
that is cool. i have never been. i would like to go.
wow, how old is your dad?
i am sure you are. what is your baby name?
i am sorry. i am a stunt double in movies. i am pretty famous for it.
that is a good one too. i am reading the new york times.
that is good. do you like it?
hi i am doing well. how are you?
i am listening to rock music, i like it.
i have 3! do you have any animals? i love horses.
that is great. do you have any hobbies?
i have 3 horses, so i know how you feel.
congratulations! i hope it all works out for you.
oh cool. my father is a farmer.
oh. i don't know much about her.
hi how are you this morning?
that is interesting, how did you meet your spouse?
i am in cali myself. what do you like to do in your spare time?
i am so sorry. i hope you find someone.
i love my dogs, they live with me and i am so bored
what kind of things do you like doing?
i am a gym goer, and love running
i agree. i am not lazy. i just like to keep fit.
i am good. i like to eat chicken. you?
i don't really like sushi. i am more of a pizza and beer kind of guy.
i like the red hot chili peppers. i like the color red.
i am from cali. what part of ohio?
i don't, but my best friend does!
i am a college student. i am studying to become a nurse.
i am trying to get my degree in nursing
i am just playing with my dog
what do you do for work?
do you have any children?
i guess so. my wife helps out a lot too. she is a doctor.
no, but i play tennis professionally. what do you do?
my family is very wealthy. they are constantly growing.
well, i love to take walks with my dog, and i love to play tennis.
she does. she also helps me with my daily walks with my dog
hi i am sam i work in insurance
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i work in insurance
i love dogs! i have one.
oh i love grey, it reminds me of the sky
oh. my dad was in the military, i work at the insurance company
i am sorry to hear that. my dad is in the army and i lost my job recently.
i just got fired from my insurance job
i have been in the insurance business for a very long time now.
i am good. how about yourself?
what do you do for a living?
i am a professional tennis player.
i do too, but my house is so crowded
i love watching tennis and golf on tv
yeah i know what you mean. i just got back from tennis. i am a professional tennis player.
that is good. i don't have time for that
hi, i am doing well. just listening to music. you?
do you like music? my favorite is classical
i like to listen to gospel music
i like classical music, what kind of music do you like?
that is true. i spend my money on christian electronic dance music
i am a pretty high maintenance person. my sister is a dancer.
no, i have not, but i love her
oh yeah? well my sister is a pole dancer and loves it
okay, see you later.
i don't, i am more of a builder.
i have three, and my father taught me everything he knew.
i am an architect. it pays the bills. what do you do?
i am into construction. i love my job.
my cats are very protective of me, i love them.
that is cool, i am a construction worker so we always get 2 3 kids
that is great. my cats are my kids
that is true. my kids are a handful. do you have any pets?
hello! i am sorry to hear that! i am a skateboarder
i am a real estate agent.
he is pretty good. do you like sports?
i like to skateboard, so i walk dogs.
yes it is. do you like to skateboard
i am going to have a big party at my house this weekend
cool, i play skateboard and my friends and i are all in band
cool. i am bob.
no. i am a weirdo
oh no! i am good, i just finished working out in my lab
yes i have a family. we go hiking together
trooper is a lab mix, he is awesome
yes, he is. he is very active. what kind of kids do you have?
i have not yet. i live in colorado, so no treats here.
i love it for hiking. i have a lab.
i would too! my favorite activity is rock climbing, but i would not mind a dog for it
i am well, how are you?
i am too. i just got home from work, i am a car salesman.
i am a car salesman.
that is nice. i am a salesman of car parts, but i hate my job.
i am sorry. you should divorce your wife
pop music, what kind of music do you like?
i don't like my job, it is a sales pitch
i like all kinds of music, what do you do for a living?
hello! the hospital i work at is a nursing home so i am always online.
my wife left me and took my children with her. i miss them.
that is cool. i am not religious at all.
i am too busy with my facebook friends, my wife left and my kids took over.
i don't believe in god.
i am sorry to hear that
no, i spend my time on facebook.
he is not bad, but i am more into music
i am good, i just got off work from work at burger king
i love britney spears! i am listening to some music from her.
that is fun! i am not good at fake tans. i am good at getting my fun in.
my parents are always watching my back
i just want to have fun with my friends, i have a part time job now
i bet they would. i am 19 so i don't have many friends.
lol!!! i have a part time job at burger king, so i can never have too many drinks!
do you have a job?
hello. sure i would love to.
i am in my 30s.
yes, i am in a holding cell.
that is great i am glad you did.
that is good. i shop at bargain deals
yes it is, i am in a store that sells clothes for a living.
maybe. i am in school. i shop at walmart all day.
i am in a hurry to get out of this mess
oh my goodness! that is awful. how old are you?
i am sorry, what are your medications for?
you have to be careful, you cannot see past 200 feet.
that is too bad. i have a real love for the theater.
i was raised by my mom and dad, and have since then.
i was raised in a trailer park, i never broke a bone in my body ever.
i am a stunt double. what do you do?
i am sorry you don't believe that.
i am great. how are you?
i am a buddhist, and i live in alaska.
nice! i am from alaska.
i have not spoken to my family in three months.
i am a buddhist so i don't believe
i am good. i just need a day to myself.
it is ok. i have not spoken to my family in three months.
i don't eat meat.
i am good thanks. i am watching a documentary about war.
i don't. i am a retired old woman
what is your favorite food?
i like documentaries, mostly on wars. what do you do?
that sounds very helpful!
i am a retired teacher, so it is not bad.
nice chatting with you too
hello, i am great. how are you?
i love watching birds. do you work?
thanksgiving is mine. i love the holiday.
they are all from the us
yes, i like reading a lot
you are a free spirit. that is cool. i like reading
i deliver babies in the hospital
yes i do i have a big family
that is so cool i am a famous streamer
i am a famous youtuber
that would be great! my allergies are acting up.
i would love that! i am a famous streamer so i will need to find a place to live first.
i don't eat out. i am allergic to seafood.
yes, i love them, but don't know why.
yes, i am. are you a starcraft fan?
i like documentaries. my favorite is the one on a new job i started recently.
it is a type of music.
i am 20 years of age. i love to read
i like to watch movies on tv
my husband and i are in the midwest. we live in pennsylvania with our 1 kid.
i want to be a writer. what is your favorite book?
i love to watch the moon when my husband is on leave
i want to be a baby
hi! i am good. i have just been riding my horse. you?
oh, i see. what do you do at work?
i have a friend who was in clown school, it was scary.
lol i am vegan so i have a hard time eating meat
i am not really into gardening, i am more of a nature lover.
yes i did. i am a professional horse rider
oh no! how do you overcome that?
i am a girl. i have a room that is purple and lime green.
good. just finished a delicious chocolate chip cookie.
i love to knit. i am going to bake some cookies for dinner
i love baking cookies! i have made over 90 thousand so far this year!
i have a dog and a cat, but they are so small
i like making cookies. do you have a hobby?
i like to bake cookies. i like to knit. i also knit things.
i am a baker, i love baking and cookies.
maybe. i don't know. i just don't like to think about it
i am good. i am a country music singer from texas. what about you?
i grew up on country music.
that is great. what do you like to do in your spare time?
oh that sounds awful.
i have not. i mostly use my guitar and my mom made a music video using it.
haha, no, but it does give me time to sing in the church choir. you?
i like spending money at the country music concerts
no, but i do have a vintage camera
i am good. just got home from work. you?
just under a year. it is a great job
i like to go hiking with my cat, spooky.
i like to listen to music, i love the who
i don't know, i don't listen to music
i just love the name. it reminds me of spooky clown from it.
i have a lot of fun. i love to eat pizza and listen to the who.
i am a vegan, i don't know what you mean
i am doing well! i just got home from my fishing trip.
i don't cook either but i love to fish
no i am a chef, but i love cooking too
sounds like a lot of fun! i like to cook, but love fishing as well
no i don't. i am more into fishing and cooking
do you have any hobbies?
cool. i am a big fan of superman. what is your favorite food?
hi rob. i am good. just finished studying spanish.
i am studying to be a spanish teacher. do you have a favorite word?
that is great. do you speak spanish?
i like to learn languages.
i don't really like kayaking. i do like to study languages though
what do you do for work?
cool! i am hoping to learn french one day.
it is okay. i am studying french, so i hope that it will help me learn other languages.
i am good. i am just chilling with my son.
i am 22. i like it a lot.
i know! i love them. i am going to watch the new one.
oh wow, that sounds interesting. i love horror movies
i am more of a book worm. i have read over fifty books since high school.
oh no, i am so sorry.
i don't. i am not a big fan of them.
nice meeting you. i hope everything went well.
hey, i am good. just got back from painting.
i do. i used to paint a lot. now i just work. you?
i like painting and taking over the world
i used to be a painter. now i am a housekeeper.
i work for a funeral home, i paint and write
what kind of job do you have
i am a housekeeper at the same time as a painter. i love fries too.
i love to ride horses. do you?
i am sure he would be happy to help you. what do you do?
oh that is so nice of you. do you have any hobbies?
that would be amazing, thanks!
i have brown hair and i love riding horses
i would love to! what kind of decorating do you do?
i love the color red. i have a red room too.
that is nice. i graduated high school a few years ago.
i am good. i am mia, how are you
oh. i attend a church. i wear the same thing everyday.
that is awesome. do you have any pets?
that is awesome. my dog helps me stay in shape too!
video games are fun. i love dogs, do you have one?
i also attend weekly church. do you attend as well?
i like smoothies, but my dogs hate them
i love dogs. i have a dog and a cat.
i am doing very well. how are you?
yeah, i am a big fan. i am a very healthy person, and i like to keep healthy
it was. i am glad i got to help some one day. you are so nice.
that is cool i cook for my kids
it is, but i also enjoy it
i work at a cancer charity. i am a cancer survivor, so i promote
cancer, and i am a very healthy eater.
yeah, i am also trying to be a cancer survivor.
i am great! i am pregnant!
i am pregnant so i have been reading since i got home from the hospital
i love country music! do you have a favorite color?
i love country music. it is such a great soundtrack.
i have never been much of a history buff
i wish i had time for fun. i work a lot.
what is your favorite car?
do you have any children?
hi larry. i am mia. i am from hawaii
i like to garden and hunt
yes! i love fishing. i have a few lakes i fish in.
my family is not very close, we are all bee farmers.
i don't really read much anymore
i don't have much of a connection with my family
i love comics and would love to go fishing
no i am not close to any family
hello from florida, i am good and you?
cool, what branch?
that is so cool! my dad and brother are in the military too.
i am not sure. i do love to cook.
i like to read comics and cook.
i am a chef, what do you do?
i am sorry. i hope i can be like larry when i grow up.
i am doing great how are you
i am just browsing the internet
what is your favorite band?
i have a lot of solar panels on my roof
i love social media, and i spend a lot of time browsing the internet.
i have a solar panel on my roof that helps me see better.
i have donated to various groups.
that is cool i love to go on social media
yes. i am in good health. and you?
i am doing good. how are you?
i am more traditional in my life and don't like the death metal craze
yes i do. i love the water too. do you swim?
i do. i enjoy being creative and free spirited. what about you?
thanks. my mother is traditional. i love freedom.
my parents are from there and my family is from india. i am indian.
i am very healthy, and i don't plan on dying. do you like music?
i am watching some cooking shows.
i am from germany. i have lived here my entire life. i love it here.
i have been here from germany and i have only been here a month
i don't like meat. i am a vegetarian.
i don't think i have ever done that
you too! nice meeting you
i have only been to one place. i am a vegan
you too! i just moved here from germany.
good and you
not really, i like all music.
i have never been to a rock concert. i am more into free spirited types.
i am a computer programmer, but my parents are from india.
oh wow that is awesome, i am studying to be a computer programmer.
that is good. i am studying to be a programmer.
i am a single mom with two kids from india and my family is from there
i am more free spirited, but my parents are traditional.
hey i hope to get to know you i am 19
i want to have fun with friends
i am 19 and i still want a family home
i think its because they think i am lazy and poor
i just wanna have fun with my friends. i am still in high school
i bet you were. what do you do?
that is really cool. do you drink or do drugs? i don't.
i am still pretty popular. my parents are still home so i get lots of free time.
hi how are you? what do you like to do for fun?
yeah i did! i was just playing basketball in my backyard
i don't like to eat meat. i do like to listen to music though.
yes they are. i am looking for a dentist
i have heard that before. i don't treat gum. i would rather paint.
no, i have to pay for it. i am a waitress at the moment.
she has a bad habit of chewing gum in my opinion
oh my god. my mothers a dentist.
hello, i am doing great. just got back from a ride on the roller coaster
what do you do for work?
that is awesome. i have been to a few dog parks and have been impressed.
i love it here. i am vegan and i love meat.
i am not a good swimmer but i love the rollercoaster.
oh, i see. well i love meat.
haha. i don't like veggies either, and i love to swim.
i am a stay at home mom, i am a mom to two beautiful boys
hello, i am good. how are you?
oh, that is not good. i am studying spanish, it is my favorite
what kind of work do you do?
that is cool. i am studying spanish. i want to be a music teacher.
i am a musician. what do you do?
trabajo is a slang word meaning to eat, i play the guitar.
i am a musician, i play in a local band
i am good, i have been enjoying some vanilla ice cream. how about you?
i am 30. i like to keep busy, so not too old. do you?
yes, i have a dog named maddie. she likes to hang out with my two cats and i.
that is awesome. i have a pet hat collection.
i have over 1000 hats and i love to collect them!
i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream. what about you?
i work at a coffee shop. i have a huge coffee collection. you?
i am obsessed with my hats! so many! i have over 1, 000!
i am, how are you?
it is pretty nice. i am just relaxing with a glass of wine.
not much, but i do have a passion for bees!
that is cool. i don't have any. do you like it?
i am from ireland, i have never left.
nice to meet you. i am george and i am a farmer
i am in a band and i am a model
hi amy! i love dogs and cats.
i am a volunteer firefighter
nah not really, i have a dog and cat.
you should take up ballet. it is a lot of fun
i am a party animal so i love god.
do you have any pets
i think that is a great thing, you should tell people.
i have a couple of plans but they will probably be ignored
i am good. how are you?
i have a wife and kids so i would say yes.
you can live forever, you just have to find your purpose
i am a plumber. what do you do?
my kids are the best, i love them so much!!
that sounds like a plan. i will try to do that. what else do you enjoy?
that is great! i am sure you will be happy.
i try. i am also a plumber and have three kids.
i have not been there yet but plan to go soon.
i like documentaries. i love to read books.
i love documentaries, especially about horror.
that is not good. i don't like to swim at all
do you have any children?
we don't. do you?
me too! my husband and i just started a new job 3 months ago.
it is a pda. i am pregnant, and it was the most fulfilling job i could find.
hi. i am well. how are you?
congratulations! i just started my new job as a life coach
thank you, i hope to do more with it than my old life coaching gig
wow that is a lot of money
oh, that is not good. you should watch what you eat.
i am a bit of a cancer survivor, i am trying to get a job as a coach.
that is a great combination!
good, just got back from a long walk with my dog, do you have pets?
i am a truck mechanic, what do you do?
i work in the medical field
no but i do like tacos. you?
i don't have time for a motorcycle, three sisters take up most of my time.
oh ok i guess. do you have any pets?
oh wow! that must have been an exciting game.
i am doing good, and you?
i love sports too. i am a huge star wars fan.
i work at star wars store
i don't drink coffee, but i do enjoy star wars.
i like star wars. my dad was a character voice.
i am a huge fan. i am also into poetry
what is your favorite star wars character?
it is! do you have any pets?
i am doing well. how is yours?
sorry to hear. do you drive a car? i have a nissan pathfinder.
i am sorry to hear that. i am also short. do you have any hobbies?
yes, she does. she also has hypochondria, which is a compulsive need to live.
that is a lot of boys. do you have any hobbies?
i will. i just need some advice. do you like country music?
pretty good, i like country music
thanks. i am a little crazy. but i love country music.
thank you. i am beautiful too but i am also a convenience store manager.
i am not. i have a job at the convenience store.
hello, yes i do, do you like the new song?
a honda civic. i love it.
nice! do you like to dance?
that is great, i am a dancer, what do you do?
oh i am in the midwest
dancing is cool, but i prefer to drink wine and dance in the moonlight.
that is very true. do you have a favorite tv show?
yes. i drink a lot of wine.
i am doing well! how about yourself?
not really, just something new to try
my favorite was the light blue one.
i dance once a week
that is okay. i don't like drugs either
i am not much of an outgoing person but i like to dance. do you dance?
rock is nice i like hip hop
i am great, i dance a lot
i am not sure if i have luck enough to find a job.
dance with the stars, it is very popular in the area
i do, i have a sister and niece.
i am so sorry. i am so glad i escaped when i was young.
yes, i like him a lot
i work at a restaurant but i am not a chef
yes i agree. i am glad i have the support of my family.
hi! i don't really. i just watch a lot of tv and work from home. you?
i guess that it does. i like going to the gym to socialize.
that is awesome! what do you do for a living?
i am in california, what about you?
i have a gym at home.
i am more of a pizza guy
that is a great combination, i love gambling too
what else do you enjoy? i love going to the gym.
i am good! how are you?
i love it. i have been playing guitar since i was three. it was the best decision ever!
that is awesome. i sing country songs in my spare time.
me too, i am hoping to sing in a few country songs.
i am a country singer. i have a guitar.
i love going to national parks and playing the guitar.
i have two older brothers. i sing country. you?
i do! especially on xbox. how about you?
wow, that is awesome. i love game of thrones.
i am a robot too, but i am not afraid of what others think. do you like food?
i like it but i am not sure if i like black more
i am sure it is. you like music too?
wow.. i like to eat all omelettes and pizza puffs
i am a gymnast, but i am not a medalist. i am a medal winner!
people are people. i am a gymnast. what are you?
congratulations! i was in school for stunt double. never broke a bone. you?
i am too. i am trying to eat a lot of veggies to help with the allergy
it is a type of bread, it is a very good choice.
it really is, i love to take road trips to the mountains.
for years, i love it. do you like it?
my parents are very strict about their kids, but i think that is the right thing.
i don't know. i am not a religious person. i would not know.
it can be but it is worth it
well, i do like singing songs from the movie frozen, so i guess well.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
that is a lot of kids! do you like to watch disney? i love it
do you like movies? i love disney movies
the animals. i love their personalities. how about you?
they are. i also like to go to disney world
that is a great movie. i have been wanting to see it again.
not really. i like to fantasize about taking over the world though
that is great, i love to speak other languages. do you have any hobbies?
yes, i like it. do you have kids?
i like to paint and travel.
no. i am 56 and don't want to get too old. i am also a house keeper.
i have not but i would love to. what do you do for fun?
the food, it is so good. and the wine.
great, listening to some classical music.
i like cows. i have a lot of them in my farm in central california
oh, i like horror movies too! do you have a car?
i am a teacher, so i don't have time for kids. i love to listen to classical music.
i am sure he will. i hope i can find a good church to join.
i am pretty handy, but i am not very good at it. do you have any pets?
that is great. what else do you like?
that is awesome. i love music.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
that is cool! do you have a favorite color? i love navy blue
they don't usually bite but they can if they get tickled.
that sounds like a lot of fun!
i love chinese, i speak english and spanish
i love to eat chocolate.
i was but i was too busy volunteering at a local shelter
i have a chocolate addiction myself.
i am doing well. just got a job at the gas station.
cool. i am working in a gas station, and i am terrified of clowns
i like to grow flowers
oh, i see. do you like your job?
about a year, i was adopted at a very young age, and my dad does not like me anymore.
he is my only friend. i love him to pieces.
my parents were clowns, they would always try to get me on them
i think its awesome! i am going to try it!
i like to listen to it while i pray.
i like to listen to it while i go dancing. it calms me.
she does, and i love listening to her.
i bet. do you like it?
my sister is a dancer, she is a pole
wow, that is crazy. do you have a family?
oh, that is not good. do you work or study?
i am not into that stuff myself.
i am a guy in a buddhist robe.
oh, i thought it was a guy for some reason.
i like the color blue and also the color red
maybe. i live in a rural area, so there are not many doctors around.
oh wow. that is impressive. what do you do for fun?
very peaceful and quiet.
i work as a buddhist assistant. i am a buddhist.
i earn buddhism money, that is what i meditate on
yes, i have a hat club.
i do have time for that, but i am always looking for a hat to complete my collection.
oh that is so great! i have a weakness for ice cream
i bet it is. i bet i have a weakness for it
i have over 1000 hats. i don't have to run.
yeah, i have a big hat collection. do you have any hobbies?
i won the medal for it, but i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream
i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream. do you have a problem with that?
hi, no, i am not interested in adopting anything.
i am sorry to hear that. i am still single at the moment
i love to take pictures. i am a teacher.
i take pictures of everything. i love taking pictures.
oh that sounds really cute
yes, it is. we are moving together next week. i teach first grade.
thank you, i don't know what i want to be yet.
i would love to! i am taking a lot of photos for my new apartment
i have been traveling all over the world, i am a chef.
heights are no problem, you can take the yacht with you
yes it would. i would love to help them out
i have been trying all new foods. i am learning to cook.
you should! i love it.
i am in new york. i am not very good at cooking.
i have been to all major countries except europe, maybe i should go
i have been on a boat before
i am doing good! how are you doing?
that is awesome. i love helping people, especially those in need!
i love the cold. do you work?
yes, but my husband works too much to travel.
do you have any pets?
that is awesome. what is your team?
yes, i do. do you have any pets?
i like it with black olives
i have a blue one, but i also have a red one!
do you ride with a group or alone?
i am a graduate student studying survival skills, you?
i am studying to be a veterinarian
yes it is, i love kayaking and walking my dogs. what are your hobbies?
the outdoors, it is just so peaceful and quiet
i like to cook for people.
do you have any hobbies?
i am good. how are you?
i love coffee! my dad made me a cup once. he is an engineer.
i play pool a lot
that is fun! i am a little bit chubby.
i love the current current state of affairs.
my favorite color is black, my father is an engineer and has been designing since the 60s
i am sorry. my father is a mechanic, so i know how to fix things.
i am fluent in english, but not sure how to speak chinese.
hi. i spend a lot of money on cars.
i spend a lot of time watching too much tv
sounds like fun! i spend my money on cars, and cars are my favorite!
i am a stay at home mom. what do you do?
a toyota camry. i like it a lot.
i love isuzu, i have had it for years
i go there to socialize. do you socialize with anyone?
i am more of a horse person myself.
sure, do you like country music?
oh, nice! do you have any pets?
i have two dogs, they are like my babies. you?
that is a nice name. what do you do for a living?
do you like country music at all?
i am not sure what you mean. are you a country music fan?
oh... i like country music. you ever listen to country?
i know right? what is your favorite color?
hi. i have a house in florida. how about you?
no i don't have time for music. i have a huge house and work in it.
i am from florida, i have a house there
oh wow, i have been here for 15 years now and i am only getting started!
not really. i am a housewife and a mother of three.
yeah. i also have dogs. i love them!
i love death metal. what kind of music do you like?
no, have not. i have never been out of the us. where are you from?
hi! i am anna and i am in my early fifties. how old are you?
that is awesome! i am 60, and still have a ton of fun going to new places
that is awesome, i am a librarian, so i travel a lot
i do, i like classical music. what about you?
i am sure you will! she is a legend.
oh. do you have any kids?
i am in california and i travel a lot.
i do! i grew up with horses, so i love them
i love the conjuring and the conjuring 2
do you have any hobbies?
i have a big family that has horses.
next year. my dad and i are going to be litigating in the circuit court.
that is awesome. i am not sure if my horse will go to college yet.
he is in a better place now. i hope he finds a loving home
you as well. have a great night.
hi, i am a college student, i go twice a year.
oh wow! i love europe. it is so beautiful. do you have any hobbies?
well i am an art major so cooking paella and fish is something i am into.
i am a bit of a fish and chips lover, do you eat fish?
i am a big fish lover, especially fish and chips
i am a history major, what do you do for work?
do you ever go to the beach?
i am doing well. just got in from shoplifting. how are you?
shoplift and shop for things i want, then i get released in a month.
oh, cool. what do you teach?
i shop at local stores and steal.
i hope to find something that will make me happy, like a new place.
maybe, i am not sure
i love pizza and i love to shop
i used to be a painter but now i work as a housekeeper
painting, and taking care of my two grown children. you?
no i am boring. i am 56 years old and i just don't have the drive.
no, but i have two children, who are always visiting me.
my kids don't like to play. they are a handful
i have a couple of little ones who don't like tennis much.
well that is what counts. you are still learning.
not yet either, but soon.
i am good, just listening to some classic rap!
what kind of work do you do?
i work from home. i produce music and you?
sure. what is your favorite?
i hear you! i am a producer, so i need to be skinny too.
yeah i am not worried. what else do you do for fun?
ll! you sound like a very big person!
i would not say that! but i am sure that you are healthier now.
what do you do for work?
that is awful. i hope things get better for you
nice! i am a waitress, so i have a lot of free time.
do you have any hobbies?
i am also into sports, i am really into motorcycles.
i am not really a fan. i do like riding my motorcycle.
i love it, it has a lot of power and it gets me where i need to go.
i like the color black and red,
hi, i am good, just finished working on a vintage mustang.
yeah i am a huge fan of country music.
oh wow, they are really good! what kind of car do you drive?
that sounds good. i have to go work on my vintage cars.
i like country music. do you like country?
sure. they are awesome. what kind of music do you like?
that sounds like fun, do you do any of the live action role playing for your kids?
just sewing my own clothes. what about you?
that is awesome! i have a lot of grandkids too.
i do, and i have to use one because of the cell phone i have now.
i am strong, but not that healthy, i have a genetic thing.
i am not that strong, but i can sew. i am retired now and live the great life.
i like to sew and read books
i don't drink but i do dance
you should get a smart phone, they make it easier to use
i am great! just relaxing and getting ready for a date. you?
i understand, i am in my thirties and i am not doing great.
i am single, divorced and with 2 dogs.
i am single. i don't drink alcohol either.
i have never had those dogs before
do you ever take your dogs in the baths with you?
you are right. maybe i will drink a few more cups.
i don't drink. i am a dog lover.
i am good. i am a student in high school
that would be great i love burgers
i am only 16 so i can still go to college.
i am a high school student. what do you do for a living?
i wish i was older, so i could be a physical therapist like my dad
i also have to study hard because i am a straight a student
oh. i am still in high school. i wish i was a teacher
oh, i am so sorry.
hi! i like to work in an office. how about you?
i love tea, i am allergic to cats and dogs. do you have kids?
yes, i read books, i am a writer. i have been for 15 years now.
do you read alot? i love it!
christmas is the biggest celebration of all!
i like the conjuring
i love adventure and mysteries, i am a bit of a mystery person myself
yes! i love them, i have a dog, a cat and a parrot.
i like to take my dog out for a walk.
i love to eat tacos and tacos are my favorite.
i am sure you can find someone. my brother and i are trying to get into a better school.
that is sad. i am sorry
i love chocolate ice cream, my favorite is chocolate chip.
i love tacos but i love tacos in summer too
no i am a dog person
doing great. i just finished eating some shawarma.
i live in the us. how about you?
yes i do, but not for awhile. i want to go to the uk soon.
that is a good career, i am still in high school
i don't think you would.
yes. my grandfather served in the ww2
thanks. i appreciate it. what else do you enjoy?
yes, i do. i am in the army.
good, just got back from a country gig
that sounds fun. i am about to start a new job.
i love to ride. i also play guitar. do you play anything else?
that is a terrible color. i don't think i could rock pink hair!
you should try. it is really fun
i am in school, i sing in my country choir
i do, but mostly to other countries.
i am not sure what to expect. i was a kid in the country so i was sheltered.
hi! i am doing well. i am just reading my 20th book this week.
i am in my early sixties. you?
i only watch movies
that is good to hear
i am a stunt double. i am not a vampire!
i have never broken a bone. ever.
that is very true. i am glad you feel that way!
i am trying to keep positive.
i am watching a movie. what about you?
i love to go to disney world every year
i do. i am a little sad we cannot go to disney world this year.
he is a great actor and a great kid.
i wish i could travel but i am still in 3rd grade.
i don't know yet. i want to be a princess.
i like the disney movies. my favorite is magic mike. what do you like?
i like it. i am in grade 3.
hi there i am fine how are you
i am working on a robot that will be my body double for my competition.
i am trying to become an architect.
that is cool. i am a famous streamer
do you work as a construction worker?
i have been watching it for years. do you like it?
yeah i am working on building a robot to be my body double
i love to watch twitch and play video games.
my name is jimmy! i am so happy to meet you!
i just moved in. i am a teacher.
that is awesome, i have a step child, he is a beekeeper too!
i am not but i do have a step child. i am a full time student
that is great, i am still looking for a wife.
no i have not. i have a new house here in the united states.
that is cool. i am in the united states now. i was just here last month.
i am fine thank you. i have a fish named fish.
i am not sure. i have not had a date in ages, so i would guess not.
they are very intelligent and friendly.
he was a cute fish, but i did not date him. i am not into relationships.
yeah. just a bit sad.
sure, but you might get a heart attack
i should have kept the cap off of the toothpaste.
i am not married but i am a gamer.
that is a tough break. i am sorry you have to deal with that.
what kind of cars?
i love to role play.
i am addicted to the blood and the internet.
i have two dogs and a cat
he does a lot of tricks. he is a very talented guy.
i don't know, i just don't know.
i am doing very well, how about yourself?
that is great! i have never seen up!
that must be fun! i am just a kid! i am in the 3rd grade.
i am a little older, but i love singing songs from the movie. do you like music?
no problem. do you have any hobbies?
i like to go to disney world and sing songs. what about you?
do you like music?
that is a good one. i like the musical version.
hi jennifer, i am mia. construction worker here, and you?
i construct houses, and i am a construction worker.
wow that is cool, i am currently building a house for my family
5 cats and a couple of dogs.
they do! they are a lot of work but so cute.
no. i am single. my cats are my kids. i love them.
i know right, i feel like my 5 cats make it impossible
he has, i am sorry. i have 5 cats and they are my babies.
i am good. how are you?
i own a yacht and i love to eat the food on it
that is great. i am not very good.
i love to take my yacht out on the water, but i am not very good at it.
animals and food, i am a chef, i love it
my son is too young for sports
that is good. i have been traveling for a year, and i have not been able to cook.
my wife does not like to clean. she is a bitch.
ohio is great! i have never traveled out west.
i would love to visit italy. i have never been!
i am not sure, i am scared of the cold. i like baking too much to go anywhere.
well if you make enough cookies and yarn i will bake you one.
no, i am scared of death. i have been knitting since i was a kid!
i like to knit and bake. i am also a baker.
i am a baker, but i love to knit too. i do it for fun.
i am baking cookies and watching tv
hi! i work in the human services field. how about you?
i have not won anything yet, but i am proud of my son.
i want to be a doctor. i love horror movies
i am going to ask him when he is getting his degree
do you have a lot of hobbies?
he is in the 3rd grade. i hope he does not have to deal with this.
do you like horror movies at all?
i am good. i just got my first home. i am well.
i have never tried a 5k. i would like to get some kids one day.
no i have a family already
congratulations! i just had twins.
that is a good goal. i am expecting twins in the next couple months
yes, i just want to have my children some day.
i have to agree with that.
congratulations! i am expecting twins in the next month. i will eat 6 too!
hello, i love playing tennis, and my wife and i enjoy long walks.
i love to garden, too. i am a professional tennis player and have been married for 20 years.
that sounds nice. my husband is busy too. he keeps me busy with tennis.
do you have any pets?
i am not sure, but i have a wife and two kids to support.
i have a dog and i live in a nice 3 story house with my husband and kids.
you can still make money.
i am doing ok, recovering my alcoholic ways.
yes, i have a long recovery process. how about you?
mainly the stuff that make me see things, like seeing ghosts.
i have bad eye sight and i am trying to get better.
yes i do but i am trying to move on
mostly grow food, i am a recovering alcoholic
i like to be with my friends, i grew up on a farm so i have many friends
that is awesome. i love to drive my car to the city
i am good, i just moved into my first house. you?
oh okay. do you like it here?
i just moved here from europe, i work full time at a school.
yes i bet. i am in texas and it is so hot here.
i love bacon and eggs. i am pregnant and i just got my first kid.
i just moved to the country, where are you from
that is a great idea! my step kids would like it
hello, i am well. how are you?
i have a dog. his name is leela
i love comics and i love reading them!
i like gray, too. i like the color blue.
i don't really like nascar, but i do like to watch it
i am a chef, what do you do?
what is your favorite food?
no kids, just my husband and i.
hey, kim, i am sarah. how are you?
i did gymnastics. i am a gold medalist at the olympa. i am also a olympa participant.
well i am an athlete and a gymnast. i am a gold medalist
yeah, that is ridiculous! do you have any hobbies?
that is sad. i am sorry to hear that.
i have never tried. do you like italian food?
garlic bread, pasta, pizza rolls, etc. i love italian food and the gym.
well, i attend church every week and spend time with my dogs. you?
i am a woman who is also in great shape. do you work?
i love dogs. i have one named jerry.
i wear my heart on my sleeve
no, you don't sound like anyone i have ever met. do you have any pets?
you should try it out. it will help you with your studies.
me too. my job keeps me pretty active, as a teacher.
i am a recovering alcoholic, so i have heard voices all over my body.
that sounds nice. i am a bit of a mess.
do you like to drink?
i love the smell of it.
oh, that sounds lovely.
that is a lot of burgers. i can only handle so many.
i am a recovering alcoholic
that is crazy! what do you do for fun?
i am doing good. just finished a mountain bike ride.
i am a huge coffee fan
i like mountain biking. do you like beer?
i cannot wait to go mountain bike.
i like mountain biking. i do it a lot
ice cream is great! do you like to mountain bike?
my mom died when i was 6, so i am not sure.
i am so sorry for your loss. i am sure you are not the only one.
i am good how are you?
i work custodial, so i am basically a homebody.
all kinds. i am a musician. i hope to be big and make it big.
that is awesome. what kind of music? i am a huge fan of classical.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any other siblings?
oh really? i don't know much about that
i love my job. what do you do for fun?
i love music, but i am not very good at it
well, i like to sing songs from the movie frozen
i love the beach! i sing songs from my favorite movie every time i go.
disney world, they love singing songs from it every year!
mine is cinderella! what do you do for fun?
i love all kinds, especially the musicals.
i am 25. do you have any kids?
i am so happy for you
thank you. i am hopeful. i am hoping my mom will let me get a job.
hi, i am great. i just had a wonderful chat with a new friend!
i am a big sports fan. i own my own company and i work all the time
i am sorry to hear that. i am not super smart either.
i like living in a house in the mountains
i like watching football.
sure. i have a house in florida. it is nice there.
its nice, just getting in from my house.
i love cold weather. i am in it. i own my own company.
i am well, thank you. how are you?
i really like it. i don't eat healthy though
i have been here for a while. i have been trying new foods everywhere.
nice i am a traveling chef i love food
oh that is wonderful. i am 23 and love food.
i like to cook but i am not very good at it.
i am still young but i am working on learning how to cook.
its going good. how are you?
i am from the usa. how about you?
i love live action roleplaying events.
what is your favorite game right now?
that is a very interesting subject.
i like to play call of duty.
yes it is. i love to play call of duty.
hi, i am josh. i have a wife who left me.
i think she was possessed by the devil. i don't know.
wow, i bet. do you believe in god?
i love winter. i love winter food and clothes too. what do you love?
i don't like the cold.
yes, i agree. i don't like being around other people.
i love cats, i have a couple myself
i am so sad. my wife left me and my children
i was born in africa and i was forced to marry an uncle
that is a cute name.
i am a man. i am not a cat person.
haha i doubt it. they are pretty old
sure i don't mind, i am a pizza loving woman.
yes i was! i am in the states now and love it! you?
thanks! i am happy because i can now travel freely in my new life.
that is cool i was born in saudi arabia.
i am good. just playing some role playing games. you?
facebook is great, i play a lot of roleplaying games.
i work from home, i have an addiction to playing games on the internet
oh that is sweet. i am a bit of a role play addict
i am a vet. i love animals, but i don't like the idea of working from home
i am tired of my internet addiction.
well i love to be around animals.
i love video games! i have an addiction and play all the time.
pretty good. just working a little. how about you?
i understand that, my parents live with me so i have to do what they want
i have a part time job at burger king, so i am always busy.
mine is tom and jerry
i am 19. my parents are home so i have been with them a lot lately.
i like to drink and do drugs
i am 19 and i don't like to have fun
oh i love that book. my friends and i just watched it.
i am great! i love baking. what kind of diet do you follow?
no. its a fundraiser for a local bake sale i am involved.
oh, i don't mind, i don't mind.
no, i don't. i like to bake cookies.
i live alone, i am scared to die. i bake a lot. do you?
that is a lot of people.
i understand. i am scared of dying but love to bake
i understand. do you have any hobbies? i like baking cookies
i am doing great, how are you?
what kind of music do you like?
i love margaritas. do you have a job?
i don't know what i would do without my 3 sisters
yes, i have a bike. it is a harley. you?
that would be a good exercise.
i live in alabama, where are you?
me too, i am a coffee addict.
hey, i am 46, single and a dad, what about you?
i am a studio engineer and have my own business. what about you?
i am 46 and live in california, the record companies are dying
in california. it is still pretty flooded out here.
i would love to live in the ocean
it is but i love living here
it is bad but there are good opportunities. you can always relocate.
it is. i have a studio, i work inside of it.
great. i love mountain biking and coffee.
oh i don't like to drink, but i love to mountain bike.
me too, i love the color pink.
i bet. i don't drink either, i do mountain biking
i don't have much time for it. i work construction.
i love coffee. do you drink any other drinks?
do you drink? i don't drink at all
do you have any hobbies? i love to mountain bike.
hi. i am a country music singer who has been in the business for years.
that is great! i sing a lot, and i love country music too!
yes. i like country. you?
i am in college. i play guitar. i sing. i was 3 when we started.
nice. i live in the suburbs but my parents own a business
that is cool. what is your favorite food?
i like to eat a lot of meat. do you like music?
i am not sure. i am a country music singer so i have heard of it.
that is a great way to stay in shape.
that is nice. i am retired, so i don't have much free time.
i am rich but poor. i did not have any money growing up.
oh, i love burgers. i am a retired old gym teacher.
that sounds like me.
yes we do. we also have a food pantry.
that is true. i was a little too young to understand.
i am a retired gym teacher
hello, i am good and you?
yes it is, i am a bit of a loner so i don't get out much
i am a homebody. i stay home most of the time.
oh no! i am sorry to hear that.
i started when i was still in high school. it has been a great learning experience.
yes i am also working on a new game
no... i am a famous professional gamer!
starcraft is my favorite game ever. what do you do for fun?
i am great. how are you?
thank you! what do you do for fun?
oh i like cooking. i like to cook a lot.
i love pink. do you like running?
i like red, reminds me of summer time too.
waffles are yummy! do you work out?
that is cool. i don't really enjoy it.
i love the treadmill and the rowing machine
i am doing great! how about you?
that is cool! i love the stones. what kind of concert?
nice. i am a diehard donut lover.
oh ok. i have a ford fiesta. do you have a car?
i like playing call of duty and i am a huge donut fan.
lol, that would be awesome!!
i like to role play. what do you do?
it is great. you should play it with them
i bet that was scary. i am a doctor and i work in a pediatric emergency room.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
that sounds scary. do you remember any of the doctors saying that?
that is a funny joke! i am looking for a new job
sure. i have a daughter, she is a baby.
sounds great! i would love to be on a spaceship.
that is good advice! i will use that.
i am a doctor and i have kids
hi. i like to go hiking in the spring and spend time with my dog, trooper.
that is nice. i love hiking and staying fit.
i am a engineer for a company
oh. i am an engineer
i have never watched. sounds interesting.
i like to hike and spend time outdoors
yes i love it. do you have any pets?
i am. i also like to hike in the spring. do you?
i am well. just got off my farm with my family.
i love it. i have been to a few shows
i don't have a job right now i want to be a lawyer
i have a lot of money but don't spend it all at once. i like horses
you should try it, it is very fun
you should get that checked out. i am a horse trainer
i like to ride horses. i also like to run
yes it is. i am glad i don't have to worry about that
i am well. how are you?
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
i don't like to feel that way
i have a lot of friends, but they don't call me bubblegum for nothing.
i am so sorry to hear that. do you have a lot of friends?
oh i see. i have blue eyes and hair.
i don't know what to do with my red hair, it is too much.
i have a lot of friends but they are so distant
hello. i am good. just taking a break from painting. how about you?
that is too bad. i used to be a painter but now i am a house keeper.
that is not a problem if you have enough money.
i retired when i was 56 years old. what do you do for work?
what job do you do?
i sell things too. i used to be a painter but i am now a house keeper.
that sounds fun, what do you sell?
i like painting. i want to do some taking over the world stuff.
hello, i am coming from nashville, tn. how are you?
i love germany, it is a wonderful place to live.
i don't cook much. i am a cashier at convenience stores.
i bet that is fun! do you have any hobbies?
you can take a swim with me
oh, that sounds interesting. how do you get your information?
that is great. i love to cook too. do you cook at home?
we have a variety of snacks. we also sell nachos.
sounds great. i am going to the movies to watch my favorite movie.
it was a good time, my boyfriend and i are going to live in an apartment together.
that is awesome. what do you do in your spare time?
i teach spanish and french, and also english.
mine is red, my boyfriend and i are moving into a apartment next week.
i will be living in the apartment next week with my boyfriend.
no, i teach at a school.
sure! i teach elementary school and my students are moving in together
i am well and you? i am just looking for a new job.
no i did not i am a doctor
i like riding motorcycles.
the park. it is my favorite spot.
no, but i am a pediatrician and i love it
that is cool. i am a doctor, hoping to get into that field.
i have a bike too, it is a harley.
i have not had any issues. what do you do for work?
i am doing great! just playing some ping pong with my dad.
classical music is so beautiful. i love the violin and violins.
do you like to play games?
i don't have a favorite color but i do love china.
i don't play often, but i do speak chinese.
maybe. i am chinese and my father is a mechanic
i don't think they are real either.
i am sure it would be nice to have a place like that.
i am a sucker for shoes and watches, what do you like?
that is a good one! i love mexican food.
cool. i am into fashion
i love that band! do you shop? i love shopping!
i am sure that is true. i am just trying to make it through this
i understand that. do you have a family?
why? i hope you get some good shoes and a watch
that is good, you will be missed
i am doing good. just got home from the office.
wow, i am a single father with 2 kids, and i love turtles.
i have a very busy life. i am an engineer.
i love to play with my kids. i don't have any though.
i love to play with dolls too.
how many do you have
oh, i am sorry. i don't have a dad, but my kids are a handful.
no i live alone. i am a single dad
hi there, i am well. i love to read.
nice! do you like to read? i enjoy reading.
i enjoy reading. i also love to hike.
i am a real life sponge, i love helping others
it means someone who walks around on the streets. yes, homeless.
it was a very interesting subject in college
that sounds like a lot of fun
hi! i am good. just got in from playing some basketball. you?
i like to dance but not to the beatles
that is cool. my sister is into hip hop.
i love the 90s. i am a big fan of travis scott.
i don't know what that is, but i love playing basketball in the mall.
no, i am lucky. she is a dental assistant.
i am sure they will. what do you do for a living?
hello. i have been well, just enjoying the cool air here in canada. how about you?
wow, that sounds fun. i don't eat a lot of soup.
i am a history buff myself. my grandfather fought in the ww2
that must be hard. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. i wish i had time to go to the gym.
i don't have any, i live in canada
it is, i am excited to see where we end up.
that sounds great i would love to!
i am doing very well, just finished painting my house. how are you?
that is awesome, i love to fantasize of being a painter.
i am a housekeeper for now, but would like to take over the world some day.
i like those too. i also like to take over the world sometimes.
i love cheeseburgers. i also like to fantasize about taking over the world.
i used to be a painter but i am now a house keeper
bacon is good but i always fantasize about taking over the world
i love bacon, but my kids don't like it. i am 56 years old.
hello, tracy. i am a retired teacher who enjoys watching war documentaries.
nope. i teach so i have time for a couple of dogs and a cheeseburger. you?
no i don't sing but i love watching war documentaries.
that is cool. i love to watch war documentaries
oh my gosh! that is terrible! i am so sorry.
i am a teacher so i don't mind. i am retired though.
that is great! i love men with big hearts
i am good. i am looking for a car.
oh i am sorry to hear that.
i would not mind having 2. do you like music?
i do, i have two boys and one girl.
i am a farmer. i am very grateful that i have had the support of my family.
i like rock music
it is one of mine as well.
do you like horses? i have one. she is a beaut.
i am great. i am a 23 year old who loves food.
oh wow, that is a lot of life. do you like it?
thank you, i try to eat well but i am not very good at it.
i would love to go there one day. i would like to try all types of cuisine.
that is awesome! i have been trying to learn to cook but i am not very good.
i am not good at cooking, i don't like to cook at all.
i own a boat. i am on my own most of the time.
i agree. i have been traveling a lot and i need to find something to cook.
my mother is a stay at home mom.
yes it is very fun. i enjoy it.
no, i was not. i moved here with my family after graduating from college.
i have never been there before, but i have heard it is beautiful.
i have been there. i am a full time employee.
he is 3, he is a big goof
i have a lot of kids. i love my job.
yes i know that but i have to work for it
i bet they are, what do you do for work?
hey there, i just finished walking my fish
i just recently broke up with my boyfriend. i hike to see the sunset too
i work at an advertising agency. what do you do?
i am studying to be an attorney. i have been on my 18th birthday already!
i like to see the sunset, hike, and fish. you?
oh, what is your favorite team?
i love to go hiking and seeing the sunsets
i love football! i am not a huge fan of it though. i like hikes
i am a feminist. how about you?
that is too bad. what do you like to do?
yes i do, i am a feminist. do you know what that is?
oh cool! i like to read on social media.
i agree. i like to spend time on social media. i love it!
i am a feminist, i like to make my own products.
that is good. i like to eat organic foods.
what is your favorite band?
i would love to learn. my hair is brown.
i love hummus. do you have a favorite food?
i am sure we could. i love hummus.
i am a manager at a convenience store.
oh. i am a cashier at convenience stores here.
germany was a lot different back then.
i am a computer programer.
great! how are you? what do you do?
oh cool! i love to go rock climbing in the spring
i am from colorado. what is industry?
i love the spring time. i love hiking in the spring
fun! i live in colorado and have a black lab
what is your favorite color?
do you hike in the spring?
that is great, do you hike often?
i am good. how are you?
i am in the united states, where i currently live.
i am a dancer, what do you do?
cool, i was born in somaliland.
oh that is so exciting. i wish you luck.
i am only 20, but i am happy i escaped.
dance and hang out. my favorite place to dance is in somalia.
no, but i dance and i like to go dancing.
i am doing well and you
that is great to hear, cancer is terrible.
i work in the bookstore i graduated with a chemistry degree
i am sorry. do you like books?
thank you. i am sure i will. what is your favorite color?
i like all colors, i am a redhead, what do you do for fun?
i am sure it works. i just hate the color orange, but its the only color i own.
i am well. just finished reading a great psychology book. i love it.
i like to play pool. i also like to kayak, but mostly just read.
i like to read books on the subject
nice i have been there once before. it is beautiful there.
that is great. i am glad that helped you.
i love chocolate! i also love reading.
oh yes. i remember those days fondly too.
hi i am sarah, i have two grown children
that is nice. i am 56 so that is why i am shopping online
i like to fantasize about taking over the world.
i don't have a job. i fantasize about taking over the world though.
i don't have kids so i don't work either
i hope so too. my two children are always at my side.
yes, they would. i am 56, have 2 kids, never been able to visit.
i like to travel. i used to travel a lot in my youth.
i am good, i am a stay at home father. you?
i bet she is! do you like horror movies?
i do. i am a human services worker. how about you?
that sounds like it will be hard. i am a stay at home dad.
i am passionate about horror movies, i love them.
i love horror movies.
i am a horror movie fan
i live in cali, but my dad lives in texas
i am good. how are you?
oh that sounds delicious! i have been making my own paella
what do you paint? my dog has a green collar, its his favorite color.
oh, i have not read that book in years. i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
that is great, i am sure you have some cool stories to tell me
i have never been either.
oh wow! i am not much of an indy car person, more of a dirt road type of person!
fish is good, my german shepherd loves fish.
great, how are you?
oh wow, i have a bmw too. i am not very strong for driving.
i am old. i am 100.
oh wow! i am rich too. i have a lot of money but i don't use it.
i grew up in the south, in tennessee
that is a great goal. i am not sure if i will ever finish college.
no. i live in new york.
i am from the united states, i am studying spanish
no, i am too busy. i am studying french.
i am a musician, what do you do?
i love to learn new languages, especially spanish.
that is cool. i am currently in spanish class.
you have a beautiful future ahead of you. good luck with that!
what is the best way to make love?
i am good. just got back from the club. i am a waitress.
i am a waitress, i help people out during the day to make extra money.
well, i don't want any kids.
it is but i do it for a living
do you have a job? i work as a waitress at the moment
i am a big fan of them. i have one that is red with blue stripes.
that is a nice car. what color is it?
that is pretty old. i am not that old lol
i am doing well. how about yourself?
ohio is great! i have been to the great white north.
i am in the army, i have to eat. i live on base.
yes. i have one dog.
i like pepperoni and sausage. i don't like meat. i eat salad.
yes i have tried it before. do you like to travel?
they are great, my grandfather loved them when he was in wwii
what do you do for a living?
sure. my number is 76969696969...
i don't have any money to eat, but i do gamble, you?
i don't mind it, it makes me shave my head
i like to play slots when i am not mowing the lawn. you?
i mowed the same lawn everyday
i am not really into motor bikes, but i would love to try one out.
that is awesome. i bet it is beautiful
i am a mower kind of guy
i am doing good. just hanging out with my dog and volunteering at a bunny rescue
that sounds like fun. do you like it?
oh no i am so sorry to hear that. i hope he is ok
i am sorry, i don't know what to say to that.
good luck with that. i volunteer at the local animal shelter.
i am sure it is nice. i am ex military so i have many friends there.
thank you. nice talking to you as well
i like those! i volunteer at a bunny rescue
i am good. i am just watching the nfl.
yes i do. i am also a woman
i don't have a job, but i am still married to a wonderful husband.
that is cool, i have never seen any of those.
that is okay. you are a man. you are still a woman.
that is awesome. i am married and i enjoy sports
her name is oreo. she is a pug.
he is a rescue dog.
hi! from new york, how about you?
i have never been to canada, is it really cold?
i am in construction. i love my cats.
no pets either. i have a few cats though
i am a construction worker, so i don't work. 5 cats, wow!
i don't. i like to make my own
canada has lots of good fresh local food. i love to cook.
yes, i have 5 cats and i love them. do you have pets?
i am bob. how are you?
oh okay. i am still recovering from my alcoholic past.
i am sorry to hear that, do you have a job now?
i dance for a living, i have danced since i was a kid
oh wow that is terrible. i am sorry to hear that. i am 45.
i don't know about that. but i do love bacon. i am a bacon kind of gal
no i don't. i am not a good driver
my mom is a professional football player
my wedding is going to be in spring.
i am glad you have pets.
i love the sound of taylor swift!
what kind of music? i love to listen to music with friends.
that sounds like a cool job
do you like music?
yes i do, i like to spend money on everything
yes it is, i am getting married soon, i have been working so hard.
i am doing good, just got back from a ride on my motorcycle.
i have been doing it for years.
oh no! i am so sorry to hear that
i see. i am sorry.
good to hear! what else do you like to do?
i also like to ride bikes, i am a big rider
i also have big brown eyes.
it sure is. i am a happy person. i have just been fishing with my pet fish
i love the color orange. i just turned 18 and my birthday was last month
haha. i love fish! i have a pet fish. do you have a pet?
i am sure they will be in the future. i am sure you will.
thank you! i have a pet fish, what about you?
i bet he was a good boy. what else do you do for fun?
i just had my first fish dinner! it was really good
i am great how are you
that is great. i like to garden as well.
i am a very health conscious person so i stay healthy as well.
oh that is cute. my dogs and i have a garden in our yard.
that sounds like a fun job.
its fun but i prefer gardening and outdoors.
yes it is. i also enjoy gardening
that sounds like a good idea!
i am good, how are you today?
it really does! do you have any pets?
i love animals and birds. i work with them.
i have a mini van too, its a toyota camry.
oh no! i don't want to see those animals get hurt.
yes they are and they will thank you for it
i am vegan so i eat a lot of fish.
not sick, just too old to remember all the illnesses and tragedies
i am fine with that. i am a dog lover.
yes i love to watch it
that is cool. what else do you like to do in your spare time?
i would say so, my brother is a postal worker as well
that is funny, i love gray, reminds me of my favorite food, tacos!
you could take a dog for a walk with you
yes, but they are not so bad anymore.
oh i love football. i love tacos too.
great! i am just hanging out watching tv.
i have a lot of shoes. i am working with a watch dealer.
that is cool. i work at a watch dealer.
i shop for shoes and watch bands, and i am a dealer.
that is a cool story!
i am not sure what you mean.
i love to paint and watch movies
yes i am 12 years old
i love blue eyes, red hair and pink!
i like to play pogo, but i am too short to be a ballerina.
i don't have any pets. what kind of dog is it?
we are not but i guess we are close enough
do you like to play video games?
math. i am really good at math.
yes, i do. i am in school for 12 year olds.
i am doing great. how are you?
what kind of dogs do you have?
i work for a lawyer
i am not good at tennis but my wife is. she plays with my kids.
i am! we have been married for 40 years
i bet! do you like your job?
thank you so much! i really appreciate that!
i am going to visit my grand children in a few years. you?
i am retired. i want to travel though
no pets. i am not a big pet person. do you?
that would be nice, but i don't have any pets.
i think it is. i love traveling. i would love to retire in a few years.
i don't care for cats, but they are okay
true. do you have any hobbies?
that is nice. i have been to spain.
hi! i am great. how are you doing?
i love to bird watch, and i love animals. i am an activist
i love poetry, i am a activist. do you work?
i am a little older than you. i like to spend time with my cats.
i love animals so much i work at an animal shelter
i was in college when i was 18, i am not sure how old you are
thanks. i hope you do too
i like my rainbow hair
hello, i am fine, i just got off work.
i have a dog, a boy
i have one dog. i have been keeping her in my house for a while now.
i have been in the business for a long time.
yes it is, but not as hot as here in florida
i am a man, i am a male, i like sports.
i do enjoy swimming, and dogs. what about you?
that is okay, it takes time to get better at math.
no i am not familiar with those diets, i am a dog person
i am sorry. what is stopping you?
i don't care if you are a girl, as long as you are a dog
i love dogs, especially when they are puppies.
i am not sure what you mean by that
wow. i don't have any. i want to be a dog when i grow up.
yes i love chocolate and candy
hi, i am jennifer and i am in alabama. where are you from?
i am from alabama. i am scared of clowns too.
it is. my brothers and i go camping every month.
i have never had an american taco. i will have to try one sometime
i love tacos! my brother makes great enchiladas!
that is good i am from alabama and i love tacos
those are good too.
that is cool. my brother is in business. i am not sure if i should apply.
i am well, how about yourself?
i love listening to music while i work on the fields.
i like fall and spring.
skiing is fun, i love to ride my horses.
no, i just have a few that i keep around. do you?
i love the rolling stones and you
indie is nice, i like rock music.
i am good thanks for asking
that is awesome. i help the fields and take care of the horses.
oh, i love to listen to rock.
we are. we also have a horse rescue.
i am more of a rock fan, but you are cool.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
thank you. i have three arabians to keep me company though.
yes. they are very pretty horses.
congrats! i have a house too but i am working on a project.
that is a lot going on. i am also a construction worker.
i am still working on getting a house.
well she has not told me yet
yes, i like to watch nascar and ufc
jazz is great. i like to listen to music while i work.
me too. i have a lot of construction work to do, but i love nascar!
that is awesome. my favorite food is mexican.
sure, what is your name? i am mary.
lol. i have a husband. he is an economics major
i am in my 30s. my wife and kids are in their 20s.
i am a house wife, my husband is an economics major.
i love candy. i also enjoy ice cream.
i agree. i have got two kids and i don't want to share.
you can try i am sure.
i see. do you like music?
i am well. i don't have any siblings. do you?
do you like to dance? i like to dance.
i have been busy too, working with various publishers. what do you do?
yes i enjoy going to clubs and meeting new people
i do. i am a production assistant.
i bet. i am going to make a lot of music
it is worth it. i also earn extra money working for a large company.
i produce music. i am currently working on a new song.
good morning. i am about to go for a run
i am a bartender, i am not the best at predicting rain, lol
what do you do for a living?
i am in the city. i take many medications to cope with my problems.
that is awesome, i am from the city.
cool! i have never been to the beach.
i live in the city, where i used to be a drunk
well, i am a teacher and my parents were teachers.
hey hows it going? i teach at a school
i am really into board games. what do you do?
that sounds interesting. i am into board games.
i have played board games with my son before
i love the pretenders! they are awesome!
rock. they were amazing.
i am a teacher. my kids are in school.
i am doing well, thank you. how are you?
wow! i help take care of the fields, so i have plenty of time to listen to rock.
i help out in the fields, tending to the horses.
i love working with horses. i love listening to rock music while i ride.
i have to go pick them up soon. i have 3 horses.
do you have any pets?
they eat grass. i don't eat meat.
yes. i have horses, pigs, chickens and cows
hello. sure, i can do that.
hi lisa, i am julie from colorado
i don't like wearing hats. they make my allergies act up.
ouch! sorry to hear that.
i have been retired for years now.
no. i like gambling. i go with my bros sometimes.
what do you do for fun?
i am retired but have lots of time to play
hi. i am good, thanks. what are you doing?
i have arabian horses so i have to be careful with that.
oh yes, that is very relaxing.
lol. what do you do for fun?
my father is a farmer, so i listen to a lot of hip hop.
i have owned them for about five years. what do you like to do?
it does, but it is not that bad
yeah, i am pretty happy with them.
yes! what is your favorite food?
we were but she had to go to work. i am a car salesman.
i hate my job. i sell cars. what do you do?
well i am getting divorced so i have no hobbies.
i sell cars. what do you like to play?
i am trying. i work a lot of days as a car salesman so it is hard to find time
well, my wife is the best and she keeps me company.
pretty but not as pretty as my new car, the ford mustang.
i don't. how are you?
i am sure there are many others. i have been seeing a therapist for it.
i have not, i would love to go.
i have to be close to my mother since she had a heart attack
no but i do enjoy the exercise. what kind of meditation?
yes i have. i have a heart attack. i was born without a heart.
i have no issues, just takes a while to get the nerves back in place.
you have to put your mind inside of something, not outside it.
i love that. i am glad i can be spiritual
hi i am doing well. how are you?
i just feel so alone
i am a lonely little girl and i live alone
oh that is great. i am just a little girl.
i am still in school.
it is. i am not very social.
sure. do you have any other hobbies?
i wish they would, but my parents are both dead
that is good of you. what do you do for fun?
i am a teacher of middle school.
i do! i love them! i am a vegan so i love them too!
i know. i am a school teacher and i have to be on top of my game
i am a teacher so i am always outside. i like gardening and walking
a golden retriever and a labrador mix
that is funny, i don't eat meat, i do love to garden
i have two dogs. do you garden or walk outside?
hey there! i love country music, what kind of music do you sing?
yeah i do it is very healthy
no, i have not. i like to listen to rock and roll, but not rap.
i have never been there. i am a college student
i am going to be a stay at home mom. i have not decided yet
i hope you can. my parents are both in the military, so i get to travel a lot.
i am majoring in that, yes
i am going to be an economics major.
hello! no i don't, but my dog keeps jumping on my keyboard
that is nice. i have a dog named barnaby.
i have a dog that i love, he is my best friend
cool. i love to watch the olympa
i am sorry to hear that, but i am glad you got your eye shadow.
do you like to shop for eye shadow?
do you have pets? i have 3 dogs.
i am good how are you
i have been recording for my own studio.
i have a dog too. he is my best friend.
a studio. i am working on one for a band
i don't know what to say, i am so depressed.
that sounds really nice.
i don't like halloween much, i prefer summer
well, my dad left me for a lawyer
i am doing well. how are you?
i am 36 and my family is very distant
i am sure you are a kid of your own.
i am sorry. i would love to hear their stories.
i do. what do you do?
i am sure you are busy!
no. i am in arizona now
i love driving a truck. what about you?
nice! i am more of a tractor person. my favorite color is red.
oh, i don't wear hats. i do love a red hat.
she was a juggler. i saw her in concert at the opera.
it is, but its hard work, i love my job.
lol, well i do like to drive a truck
i like to play with my sister. she is a pole dancer
that is fun. what do you do for a living?
yes i speak english and spanish. how are you?
my dad is a professional tennis player. i also like to run.
wow, that is interesting. my parents are from japan.
that sounds fun, do you enjoy it?
i love chocolate! what do you do for a living?
i don't think so, i clean a lot, i am a cleaner than i used to be.
i bet you don't like working in a doctors office either
i do what i can. i am a cleaner. what about you?
i am doing great, just volunteering at the local homeless shelter.
i am not much of a runner, but i enjoy volunteering in a homeless shelter
that is great! i wish i could run more than once in my free time.
thank you so much. what else do you like to do?
i enjoy volunteering at the local shelter.
i don't have a lot of time with my husband, but he is a good provider.
beans are good. i like them a lot
i bet. i am a professional wrestler.
hello, i live near a nice little neighborhood.
i work in a human services office
just hanging out with my son, i am a horror fan.
no, i don't have any kids.
i have been here for a few years, i have been a senior in high school
i am 30. how old are you?
yes i am. how old are you?
nice. my son is in junior high school.
i am doing well, how are you?
oh, i am sure you will find one. what kind of job are you looking for?
i like the park too, but i have to get up early in the morning.
i have two kids, they are adorable. do you have pets?
that sounds interesting. what do you do for fun?
i like to collect hats. what about you?
i will try. i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
i like movies in the 80s and nineties.
i am doing good. how are you doing?
that sounds fun. i am a little tired from work. i am a vet. what about you?
i like his movies, but my addiction to the blood and dye game is too strong.
i am in high school
yes, i am. i am also quite the health nut.
i love my job i work from home
i love to play games and role play
i am well. how are you?
i am more into pool sports myself
i have never played monopoly.
that is so cool! i am a swim coach, and my mom is the lead.
i love to swim. do you like to swim in the ocean?
i am from india. i love to swim. how about you?
i love death metal bands, what is your favorite band?
i am doing well. just got back from my shift at the restaurant. you?
i love dogs, i have a big brown and white eye and have brown eyes
that is cool. what else do you enjoy?
i am a waitress, so i have to be healthy.
i have hazel eyes too. i also have brownish brown hair.
oh, that is much better!
you are not a very good liar, are you?
i am a night owl... but i do have a motor bike helmet
i am doing great. just got home from the homeless shelter. you?
i like to go to the animal shelters and volunteer
i am a pro wrestler, so i don't have time to watch them
i love pizza. i volunteer at a homeless shelter, and eat all kinds of pizza.
yum! i like black olives too. i am going to volunteer at a homeless shelter.
i have not but i have heard them are tasty!!!
yeah, i agree. what do you do for a living?
i volunteer at a local shelter and volunteer at a local church.
hi, how are you doing?
i am 27. i don't know what i am going to do with life
i live in alaska, where are your parents?
i am a buddhist so i am just relaxing at home. what do you do?
i have not done drugs in a very long time. i do meditate a lot
i am a buddhist, but they are not. i live in alaska
do you enjoy your job?
yes, i love them! do you have any pets?
i have a little girl as well. we like to play pobox a lot.
i am only 12, i don't have any kids yet.
i am sure she is proud of you for raising her well.
because i am such a little princess.
i don't have any friends.
that is a cool name
i am good. how are you?
i like cooking chocolate bars.
i like hummus. i like to play the violin.
i love to eat chocolate!
i like sky diving. do you have any pets?
i am not either. i am afraid of the dark. do you swim?
oh, cool. i play piano. electric pianos are the best!
my dad is an electrician, he can help you with that.
i am great how about you?
i am sure you will be happier when you move
save up. i am a teacher and i am bilingual. i could help you.
yes, i would love that! i am going to move to a new apartment soon.
fun is definitely important to have.
i am not either. i am still a beginner.
thank you! i have an upcoming move in a month, so i have time to plan.
i am sure we could work together!
hi! great! how are you?
that sucks, i am sure you will be fine. do you have pets
i have a couple of pups, but they are a handful. five cats is crazy.
what is your favorite food?
i work on houses. i build them.
oh, i like soccer. i build houses, too, but not for fun.
that is cool. do you like working out?
i know! i am going to be sewing a blanket. i am obsessed with cats.
good. i am a little sad because i lost my horse.
what are your hobbies?
that is awesome! i love to go horseback riding.
i live in a small town in new jersey. where are you located?
i like to eat horse meat
that is cool, i love horses. i grew up on one.
oh i am not a big fan of peanuts
oh cool! i grew up on a farm, my whole family is horses
i don't do much. i don't even have a job
that is tough, do you have any hobbies?
oh. i live in a rural area.
i like watching hockey. what is your favorite team?
oh, i like to paint and draw.
do you live near the ocean?
i love to watch the nhl playoffs. how about you?
i am doing good, how about yourself?
i have curly brown hair and i like riding horses. do you?
i am not sure what you mean by that.
i have a purple horse and brown curly hair. what is wrong with you?
yes. i don't like my brown hair. it is too brown.
i live in texas, and i love horses.
i love to ride horses.
no. i have long curly hair and i don't want a man touching it.
that is great. i am a nurse at a hospital here.
i don't eat that much
that is cool, i have been reading a book about it
he was my favorite as a kid. he was in a lot of movies.
yes, especially since i work three miles away from my house.
i do it to relax
absolutely! do you have a favorite movie?
yeah i have a job delivering babies so it is a lot of work
hi, i am good thanks for asking
that sounds nice. i just got a new job cleaning gutters.
my parents both are, but i am more of a jogger.
yes i am very familiar with them, they are my favorite company
i am from cali.
yes, i agree, i clean my house after every workout
i love eating healthy foods like chicken nuggets.
what kind of things do you like to do
i am doing good, how are you?
i saw a rock band and we hung out
yes i like to dance with my wife
i like a lot of songs. my favorite is the backstreet boys. what about you?
good. do you have a favorite music genre?
i am from the country and i have to be careful i don't get hurt
i have 5 and they love country music
that is great. i am a country singer so i don't do that.
good, just relaxing with a movie.
i love school! my parents raised me on a horse farm. it was fun.
congratulations. where are you from? i am in a small town.
i wish i could move somewhere closer to my family farm.
i think it will help me get over being scared of the city.
yes, i grew up on a farm.
i grew up on a farm on a pig farm.
it sure does! what do you like doing?
i am good thanks for asking. i am 4 years old
oh i see. what kind of dog?
i want to have two dogs when i grow up, maybe one will be a boxer
i love cookies and pizza. i will have to make some today.
oh wow, that sounds like a lot of work. i would rather be a dog.
i don't know who that is.
i will do my best. i just want to be a dog one day.
no i am still at home. i am 4. i don't have the attention span yet.
hi! i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite color?
i work in a watch shop. i would love to shop there.
i have a hard time with time, but my family supports me.
sounds interesting. i am working for a company that makes watches. what do you do?
you can change your life. you are a beautiful woman.
you should have a chat with my family. we are very supportive.
i have been there, its pretty great.
i am doing great, how about you?
i love singing in the shower
i have never heard of it. what is it about?
yes he is! i like to sing his songs too!
it is fun, but i really want to see it again. i love it so much.
no, i like singing. i love to go to disneyland with my friends.
cool! i am in the 3rd grade!
me too. what do you do for a living?
i am great, thanks! i just finished my dinner.
it is very pretty. i like to cook paella.
what is oly lifting?
oh no i bet you are healthy!
do you have any hobbies?
i love vanilla ice cream, but it is hard to find here in the south.
oh that is a lot of hats. what else do you do?
i have a dog. do you have pets?
i am doing good and yourself?
i am watching a good old steven king movie. i love his movies.
i hope it goes well. i have a good memory and can sew.
i live alone and have a big family. i miss them terribly.
social work is fun. what do you do for fun?
thanks. i am happy that i am alive. i had a terrible cancer
oh that is sad. do you have a family?
i understand that, what do you do for work?
i am good. just got home from work. you?
i am not religious but i am unhappy and overweight
i work at a nursing home.
i don't think i have the energy for it. i don't like running.
that would probably help a little.
i am retired, i am a mom with kids
red! i love the sun and the energy it gives me to be happy.
i like country and jazz
i don't like music i like to volunteer at animal shelters
that is great. i am in a rescue program for bunny owners.
that is cool, i love the navy
i am a shipwright on my off time.
i like to donate to charities, i do it through a website.
i like that, i also love the color navy blue
my mom is traditional as well but i am very much a fan of blue
i think i have a lot of talent
i don't think i would be very good at it.
oh wow. do you live with your parents?
oh ok i have never heard of her
i am a 56 year old woman... i don't know if that counts lol
i don't know if that is good or bad
no. i don't want to have kids. i am 56 years old and just like to relax
not yet but i used to. i have two beautiful children. they never visit though.
hi! i work at a daycare.
no, i am still in high school. i don't have a car right now.
i live in the united states, i am only 4 years old
i live in cali. i am four.
i think i need to get a job, i am four years old!
that is a good idea. i am only 4 years old
thank you, me too. what do you like to do?
i do! i love the chocolate milkshakes
oh wow that is a lot! i don't drink soda.
that is great, i like to eat a lot of french fries and soda
oh i love wine, but i don't drink.
it was not until after high school that i really started to enjoy tv.
i like to walk in the park, and watch movies on sundays.
i don't drink soda, do you?
i have faith in god.
well, i am not a big fan of fast food, so i stay home.
i am good and you?
i do like music, what do you like?
i sure did! i drink wine and dance in the moonlight every night
it makes me feel alive, which is good because i am pretty strong
i dance in a club, but it gets boring after a while.
i do, i have a lot of energy for life
not much i am not old
i will try to remember.
hello how are you doing today
i teach piano lessons. my dad is a violinist.
that is cool! i teach piano and violin.
what kind of music do you play?
the violin, and i also play the banjo. i have been playing since i was a kid.
thanks. it is hard work, but it is worth it.
me too. i also enjoy piano lessons. do you play any instruments?
my father is also a professional violinist. i learned piano as a child.
oh no! i am sorry to hear that!
i like to eat french fries and hamburgers.
oh my goodness that is terrible. my condolences.
it is. i am glad you have someone to help you.
what kind of jobs do you do? i am still living in my parents home.
i love fries. i love burgers too.
that is good too. i don't like soda either.
i am jim. i just got back from a mountain biking trip.
i don't drink any caffeine
i am sorry. i have to have it every day to wake up
navy is a nice color. my dad was a construction worker in the navy
that is so cool, i volunteer at an animal shelter.
i like to mountain bike and spend time with my family
i am not a big drinker, but i do enjoy a cup every now and again.
hello, that is awesome. i am fine and you?
that is nice, i just turned 18 last week.
that is cool. i like to play tennis myself.
cool i just got engaged 2 months ago.
i do like him, but i don't think he would like me hiking in the morning.
i don't like fish much.
my girlfriend does too. i have been dating for 2 months
i love orange! i like the color of it.
that sounds fun. do you like to travel?
that is cool! do you like music?
what kind of music do you make?
trabajo sounds interesting. is it a spanish word?
yes i am a vet tech and you?
i do! i love country music
i am. my car is a 1968 mustang.
thank you. what are your hobbies?
hi, it is a beautiful day here.
i am not scared, i am studying spanish. you can help me study.
i love to learn new things, i am a musician.
that is cool, what is your favorite color?
i want to learn french.
yeah, i am a party junkie, i love dancing to country music
that is awesome. i love music and people. i am also a musician.
i have been to the food bank. i like to learn new languages.
i am doing good, how about yourself?
yes, i am. i broke it skating once.
i am a pretty good skateboarder. my arms are broken, though. broke them twice.
i like online ones, but i have to get up early for work tomorrow, so i will be offline then.
he is a very good skateboarder.
i would love to. i have a lot of skateboarding experience.
that is good. i am a skateboarder so i have to keep my balance well.
i broke my arm in a car accident, but it is healed.
that is a cool color
i am more into gambling.
no i am not, i go gambling to get away from reality
i love to eat italian food, but my favorite thing is grilling outdoors.
no, but i do grill them in my spare time. do you like lasagna?
i will! thanks for the tip.
i bet it is. have you thought about a job?
i am good, how are you?
that is great i love tofu, what else do you do?
nice. i am a vegetarian, but i love to cook.
i bet, what do you do for a living?
what do you like to do in your spare time?
his name is sam. he is a mutt.
we are married and have 5 kids
hello. i love to watch nhl hockey, do you?
cool i live in rural farm country
that is cool. i have a dog that is a german shepherd.
i like to watch the nhl. do you like to play?
i have a dog and a cat. i don't have any children.
it is very interesting. what do you do for a living?
yes it does, what do you do for work?
hi! i am good, how about you?
that is a lot of responsibility! i am just listening to some music. do you have any?
a mutt, he is very spoiled and loves food
i am still in school, i produce music for a living.
that is good work. do you enjoy your job?
oh, i see. what do you do for a living?
lol i bet! i love rap.
i am sorry, i hope it gets better.
that is cool! i work for the postal service.
that sounds like fun. i am a postal worker. what do you do?
they are animals. i have to call my german shepherd.
yeah it was pretty wild.
he does a good job. he also taught me to be terrified of everything
i am afraid of snakes, and spiders.
that is true my dog is almost 2 and he is a bit older
i have a german shepherd, his name is barnaby.
i am great. how are you?
i am a custodian and you?
what do you do for fun?
yes, she is my idol. what do you look up to?
no, i am a musician. i play piano and guitar.
i like him a lot, too.
i like the coffee shop, but i am a musician.
no i don't. what do you like to do for fun?
i am great. watching some cooking shows. you?
i don't play sports. i like to swim.
that is good, i don't think i could do that
yes free time is very limited but i will take it
i love to go roller coasters and sky diving
that sounds nice! i like to jump off the roof when its too cold.
yes i understand, my family is very big too. we all love to eat and love watching tv
that is so sweet. how old is he?
