hi, i am doing good, what are you doing?
i like horror movies, i like to read a lot too
it is a great time to watch a horror movie.
oh, i see. i am a stunt double for my second job, and i only eat healthy.
wow, i am glad to see i am not the only one!!
that is not good. my wife is a teacher, and she has a hard time with kids
she does. i also read some books to her when she is at work.
that is cool, i am a stunt double.
i am doing good. just finished work.
oh that is awesome. what do you do for fun?
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you are able to find a job soon.
i work on cars and i like country music.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i have a couple of old mustangs that i like to work on.
oh, i like her music. what is your favorite song?
i am good and you
that is awesome! what do you do for work?
nope, i am a baby delivery nurse, so we don't have the money
wow, i don't know how to dance
i have been working on my degree for years.
i love to eat. i have to walk 3 miles each day.
i am a great mom. my family loves to go to disneyland and i love to go to micky mouse
i am doing good, thanks for asking.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a museum tour guide, so i am always in need of help
that is great. i am a museum tour guide, so i am very proud.
that is nice i have a big library at home
that is interesting. i am a bit of a librarian.
what else do you like to do?
i am a museum tour guide. i have to help her with things
i don't have a job, i am too little to work
that is awesome. what is your dream job?
yes, it is. i wish i could be more creative though.
oh, i see. do you have any other superpowers?
i am sure you will do well. do you have any kids?
my name is nancy. i am a girl.
what do you do for fun?
i don't like turtles.
my cats name is sam, he is a black lab
i have a cat named maddie and a dog named tiki.
that sounds fun. do you have any pets?
i am in my 30s and i have two cats
not really but i have a big hat collection
i have a lot of dolls, i love them. what do you do for fun?
yes i do. i have a lot of friends
i love watching documentaries, especially war ones
i do, a cat named maddie. what do you do for a living?
yes, i have a few birds. i have been feeding them cheeseburgers.
yes i love them
i am 30. how old are you?
i am not really a fan of it. i am more of a soup guy.
i am sure it did. i am a big war fan.
i am doing very well thank you. how about you?
i am a big wine fan.
that is great. i love to dance and dance in the moonlight.
that is nice i am not much for reading but i love wine
red is the best. but, i am a wine drinker.
i love wine, but i am a bit weak for it
it sure is. what do you do for fun?
no, i just have my wine and dance in the church.
that is nice. i am in school for my 100th birthday in the spring
i don't have a tv.
what is your favorite food?
i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight
i will be here when you are old!!
i agree. but i am strong for my age. do you dance?
i don't blame you, but it is still awful.
oh i see. do you like turtles? i have a turtle named maddie.
that sounds great. do you like to pickle eggs?
wow! i hope you enjoy your retirement!
gambling is fun. i like to pick up my dolls.
yes, she was a terrible kid.
i will do that. i am going to play with my dolls tonight.
what are you going to do? i am going to play with my dolls.
i hope so too! what is your favorite thing to do?
i am doing well. what do you do for fun?
i am a programmer and my mom is traditional and does not drink.
yes i work at the pool
i am not sure. my parents are very strict about my family and me
computer programming. i am trying to get my bachelors
that is cool, what do you do?
i am studying for computer programming.
i am going to be a teacher next year
i am sure you will find someone! do you like swimming?
i am jim. i am a game developer.
i am allergic to water, so i don't get to work on my own farm
i have a job designing robots for a living.
i love country. i am working on a new building.
i like starcraft. i build robots for it.
i drink lots of water. do you drink any other drinks?
i love the south. my job is working on a robot
i like to read too. i like to read about the olympics
no i have not but i would love to. i love to go to italy.
i am in my mid 50s and i have been working all day
well i am a gymnast so i am hoping to compete in olympic trials
that sounds fun! i love to eat italian food, and love to go running
italian food is my favorite. i love to eat it. what do you do for fun?
i don't drink coffee, i do drink a lot of italian food though
hello! that was a long time ago. i am a little younger than you.
they did, they did a great cover. i am in 3rd grade.
what do you do now? i am in the 3rd grade
i do, especially disney world, my favorite.
they are all good and you?
i love singing from the movie frozen.
i do have a dog. she is a poodle.
i am the youngest of 4.
hi there! i am doing great. just got home from work.
i am a dr and love to help people.
i have been in a few accidents, and they are not good.
oh that is a great thing to do. what do you do for a living?
i don't know yet. i am a pediatrician.
math is cool i am in medical school.
my favorite movie is friday
probably not. but maybe a new show?
i am good. i am studying psychology and reading books.
oh that is cool. i am studying psychology.
oh that is great! i am a student at u of m and love to read
i am a psychology grad student. i love to walk dogs
i have not seen it, i am a graduate student.
i am not familiar with him
i am a graduate student, so i have been busy. what do you study?
it was very fun, i am a psychology major, so it was great.
hello, i am great! how about you?
oh that is fun! i don't read much, do you?
i like to read. i have a hard time with bones because of my broken bones
well, that sounds good to me, i am only 24 myself
i am in the same situation. i read a lot, and have lots of free time.
i like rock and hip hop mostly.
no i am not into music
i have never heard of it. i am not a huge fan of hip hop.
hey! i am a single dad, 46 and live in california
i don't know much about music
i work with a lot of different artists.
yes, i love cars. what do you do for fun?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i don't think so. he is a lawyer, he is very strict.
she does! we are going to a music festival in california this weekend!
i don't think she would. she did not want to work with me.
hello rob. i am good. i am a postal worker
sorry to hear that. do you have a dog?
i am employed at the us postal service. what do you do?
i enjoy playing with my dog and watching nascar. you?
i love nascar and my dad drove a car for a while
my dad drove a car for nascar
it was a long time ago, so i am not sure what to say.
its very cold... i am in boston right now.
doing good. how are you?
that is nice. do you like to ride?
i play piano and guitar.
piano, guitar, and drums
i am sorry to hear that. i am a musician and have been for a while.
i play the guitar, my mom taught me to.
yeah i do what i gotta do
i am from new york. how about you?
do you have any pets? i have a cat.
oh, i see. i am still in school.
i work at a bookstore.
i like to dance to music
oh no! what are you going to school for?
its so gross
oh my gosh, that sounds scary. i have not heard about that one.
i am great, how are you doing?
i love to travel, but i am a little tired of it. you?
my dad is a comedian. i like him.
i am a full time mom, i am in high school.
he is in 3rd grade. i love kids
i am not a builder. i work for a local home depot.
oh, do you have kids? i am a junior in high school.
i am great! just got off work. how about you?
that sounds like fun, what color is your hair
what do you do for a living?
that sounds fun, i love the internet too.
that is cool, what kind of games do you like?
yeah they are i love them so much
i am sure it is, i have been in a lot of bad accidents
i am a very lucky man
i am just relaxing with a book and you?
that is cool! i am a librarian, so my kids are not home much
my youngest is in a senior
i worked as a librarian.
i have been a librarian in my spare time
i am glad to hear that, what do you do for a living?
oh. i am not married. i have been to spain twice.
oh, i have never been there. i am retired
i don't, i am still living with my parents
oh, i don't use drugs either, but i am not working right now.
wow congrats! what do you do now?
i am in construction. i am in the mexican food business
i am a construction worker. i love tacos.
tupac is great, but i am more into rap than metal.
i don't know how to pronounce it.
hello, i am mia. i am also orange
i would love that game, it is my favorite
i am trying to get into it more but i have to get some water
i am a night owl. i am always working on my build of a robot.
it is, i like it. what do you do for fun?
i use a glass. it is a nice medium for holding water.
no i am allergic to pets
i have been working on a robot for a game i am developing
i am good how are you?
i live in florida. i have a studio here.
it is fun, but i don't have a lot of time for fun. i work a lot
well he has to find a way, he needs to get help.
i am divorced. my kids and i have a studio.
i don't know about that, my kids don't really like me
rock, country, rap. i am a fan of all. you?
i am 46. i am not married. how about you?
hey, not so great. i am in alaska right now and am busy meditating.
oh, that is awesome! i have not had one since i quit my job!
i like to read.
i just quit my job. i don't like it
yes. i also have a lot of spiritual practice. meditation is my favorite.
i am in a relationship, and i don't speak.
i am living in alaska, near the great white north.
no. i have a hard time talking. i just don't.
i am good. just listening to some country. you?
it was pretty boring! i am working at the farm, so i am not home much.
yeah i am, and i am working on some corn
that is so cool! i am a big trucker myself, so we have the same hobby!
i live in a small rural town in the country.
it is in the mountains. where are you located?
oh no. you can drive fast. i drive my truck to work.
i love country music!
i am laughing because i am terrified of scabies.
i am sorry to hear that.
yes, i am a big wine drinker
that is cool. i don't have kids.
i can try, do you have any pets?
i am sorry to hear that. what is your favorite color?
that is not nice. do you have a dog?
that sounds like a fun place to spend time.
i am doing well and how about yourself?
oh ok. that would be a shame.
that is nice. where do you work?
that is nice i like to drive my farm.
yeah i love it too but my german shepherd is a big fan
i have a german shepherd, he is a handful!
i love both but prefer veggies.
i love orange, i love to paint and decorate
i am good and you?
yeah that would be cool, whats your social media?
that is cool. i like to spend my time on the internet
that sounds relaxing, i spend a lot of time on social media
i like to grill it with my solar panels on the roof
that is great i have been a feminist since i was 5.
well i am a feminist and i like to make sure my products are organic
me too! i love eating organic foods!
i am good, thanks for asking. i am just volunteering my time with the local bunnies
what kind of music do you like?
that is cool. do you have a favorite color? mine is navy blue.
i am a volunteer and i help out in a lot of different ways
i am ex military, and i love to do volunteer work
i am sure you will. what do you do for a living?
i do what i can. what do you do for fun?
i am ex military, i don't like it.
good! i am just hanging out with my blue eyes. and you?
i do, i have a big band
i like to read and play pobox! what else do you like?
i don't like school
i don't go to many classes either
i have a job at a school, i hate it, but i like it
i do, but they don't live with me.
not really. what about you?
hello! no i don't. i am just a single dad. 46. how are you?
i love sweets and i am a big sweets fan
i am a studio engineer and have a big family.
yeah, i don't drive. i live in california.
i love rpg events, i am 46, single and live in california
i am 46 years old, i am still single, how old are you?
i love watching them, but i don't have the time. i am 46
cool, i have a big house but no space for tv
i have a brother, and a sister
i don't really, i like to spend time with my family. you?
oh cool! i am a dancer, but i like to play sports.
no, i am a sister. i have three of my own
i don't have a lot of money to spend, but i have a few dogs.
all kinds! i have three of them!
i have 3 siblings. how about you?
no, i am just here, waiting on my brothers to come back.
i am good, just listening to some music
yeah, country music is awesome. i like it too. do you work?
we sell a variety of things.
weights are not needed. just keep up with your diet.
you are in your 20s. i am in my 30s.
that is amazing! i hope i do too
i bought it in may of last year
no i have not, but i will have to look it up!
that is great i like to work my farm. i don't dance though.
yes i have a farm. what do you do for fun?
i love the color red, reminds me of my country life.
that is interesting, what is it about
that is good. i have been listening to country music. what do you do in your lab?
that is cool. i like country music. what kind do you like?
i have not read any of his books yet, i am going to start reading some
i am doing good, how are you?
i don't care about the color of orange
that is great i am in the process of becoming a librarian
yeah i do but i am not very good at it.
yes i do, i am a student.
i would love one! i am a college student, so i don't have much time for hobbies.
i can, i don't care about money
i make minimum wage
i have been practicing my karate.
i will have to look you up. i am in high school right now
i do. i love rock and roll.
do you have a favorite color?
i am, but i am still in high school
i am in school for that. i want to be a physical therapist.
i am not sure what to do with myself
i hope so, but i am not sure yet. i want to be a physical therapist
oh no! that is so hard! i am sorry.
i am a nurse. i love baking cookies. do you like to knit?
i am not religious, but i do love baking cookies and knitting.
i am so sorry, i love baking cookies and i have a lot of them
i have a lot of allergies. i hate the smell of them
you can come to my house and i will bake for you
well i am a bit of a drama queen.
i don't have anger i am just very afraid of dying
i am good. i just got home from a long walk.
i am doing good. i am watching tv with my kids.
maybe. my wife and i love gardening and walking outdoors
oh i see. i am a teacher and a mom of three
i teach kindergarten. what do you do?
it is about a woman who has a dog, a lot of them don't like him
i am a school teacher.
it is not. i just don't know what i would label it
i am doing well. just sewing my own clothes. how about you?
that is great to hear. my kids are a joy.
i have 2 kids and a great grandson
wow, that is a lot of kids! do they like to watch sports?
i love rolling stones! i have a lot of great grandchildren, and i am very lucky.
that is cool, i have kids so i like to help out
oh i am sorry to hear that.
that is awesome. my grandson has a cancer and we help each other
that is cool. i love animals. do you like sky diving? i have done it.
that is awesome. what else do you do?
i love to sky dive, sky diving, roller coasters, sky diving, and veganism
there are not any, and i love to sky dive.
my father is a doctor. he just moved from germany
yes it is i just moved to new york
no but i like to sky dive
i am watching my kids play outside, they are like supernaturals.
i am a little girl with my mom and dad
i am a little girl so i am not sure what you mean
i know how you feel, i am a little girl too
that is too bad. i like cloud watching. i am a little girl.
i would love that. i have a lot of superpowers
oh i see. what do you do for work?
what do you like to do for fun?
i am doing great, how about you?
it is raining here. what do you do for a living?
i am sorry to hear that. i am a construction worker.
that is why my cats keep me safe. i am so worried.
wow! i have never been a fan of tennis. i am more into building houses.
i fix things that are not broken.
oh... i am a construction worker.
hi, i am good. i am 12 years old girl
i love my book! do you like music?
oh that is sad. i am not much of a fashion person.
i am a teen. i have a friend group. we are 12.
no, but i do have a lot of friends. do you like sports?
i love to play pobox
oh. i am a girl, so i don't have many friends.
hello, i am good. i am from the great white north.
i am in high school, so i have plenty of time to ride.
not as many as in the city, but they are still there.
that would be great. i have a hard time feeling comfortable with the city life.
i have a passion for horses and i am going to school for it.
yes. i am a vegan so i talk a lot. do you?
i am good. i am going to be a vet. i love animals
i am not sure. do you have a favorite color?
sure. what do you like to do?
i have been dancing on the weekends since i graduated.
that is a hard field. what are you studying
no, i just work in a bookstore. i don't like wearing clothes.
i am in the us. how about you?
i would love to go to manhattan, i am in the midwest.
i am a huge sushi fan myself.
do you like to read? i love reading.
hi dawn, my name is sarah. i like music, especially the violin.
that is awesome. i went to the shelter and helped out with the homeless.
i am 32, i am a musician.
i play the violin, it is my favorite. you?
i run. i have been to a few events, and have played several instruments.
i don't know how to run.
i don't play any instruments. i am a volunteer firefighter.
i did. i also like to volunteer. what kind of music do you like?
hi i like to play with my dolls and go swimming.
i have a pet turtle, i am 4
i have a lot of other friends. what do you do for fun?
i am in florida. i am a four year old
that is awesome, i have a pet turtle that is very protective
that is great! i hope so! i love to play with my dolls
you are right. i should go get some guns
i have a turtle and a cat
hi i am a gym owner and i love to run
i am sorry to hear that. i am not married.
the gym is great for a lot of things.
nope i live in the south in ohio. do you like to exercise?
that is sad, do you like working out
i have a pit bull and a pomeranian
oh no. i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
i am good thanks for asking
what do you like to do?
i do the same. i love running.
i bet you have a nice rack.
i have two dogs, they are my best friends
i am going to the gym later to work out, what are you doing
i agree. what do you do for work?
i am so sorry to hear that
good! just got back from soccer practice
i am not a big fan of math.
that is a shame. what do you like to do for fun?
i am sorry you feel that way
i don't have any, i am too old to do math
i am a soccer fan
i like to dance to it, what do you like to dance to
what do you do for a living?
hi! no. i don't have time. my cat and dog keep me busy.
i have a cat and a dog. what is your favorite animal?
oh, well you should read the mean girls
i love those too. i am more afraid of heights though.
i like mean girls. do you have any hobbies?
i have a cat and dog, and a cat and dog.
oh okay. i don't either. do you?
cool. i have a dog and cat.
i am doing well. just eating some french fries
i am a stay at home mom. i love to take walks with my family.
me too! i am a big surfer so my surf trips are often long and expensive.
single too! i am a student as well.
me too. i am not drinking soda, so i will not have any.
what kind of music do you like?
that is cool i like to eat french fries and hamburgers.
that is exciting, what will you be doing in the phd?
i am doing good. how are you?
i don't really eat meat but i love cooking
i am not good at it, but i love it
not really. i like to watch them. i am in college and i am 23.
oh nice, that is awesome. what else do you like?
i am not good at cooking either.
i would be, i love to teach and cook! i don't know if i could teach on
i love cooking but i am not very good at it
that is cool i am studying french
i am in a band, i play guitar.
yes i do, i like to watch the conjuring and other horror movies.
i am a musician, what do you do?
cool. i am a musician
do you play any instruments
thanks. i have studied spanish, and am learning how to play the guitar.
i am going to be a teacher. what do you like?
hello! i am good. just getting ready to get ready for the surgery.
yes! i am so glad i was born with my heart in my body.
i guess you are right. i have to have a surgery
that is cool, i have a heart condition and cannot do surgery.
that is so cool. do you know any other weird people?
oh i bet. do you like the bank?
that would be great. do you like to cook?
yes. i have been feeling a little better.
hello. i am good. i am taylor swift.
do you have a roof? i have a big garage.
i like country music.
organic is fine. i don't like to eat meat, so i am vegan.
oh i have not heard of that. i don't have a twitter
i am a male. what do you do for work?
oh... i am sorry... i am a store manager. i have to work.
that sounds interesting, what do you do for fun?
good. watching the fights on tv. i am a professional construction worker.
i guess i could have gone for a more interesting hobby, like racing cars.
i have been in the construction business since i was 16
i like to watch sports and watch nascar
tacos are awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i am a construction worker. what do you do?
it is not bad. it pays well
that sounds nice, but i am sure you are very private person
oh wow. that is impressive. i am a cook, but not very good at it
that is very nice. i don't eat very much but i am trying to get better at it
that is awesome! i am a chef.
i am good at cooking and baking. i am a bit of a cook but my parents are
i have been trying to find new places to run.
i am 23 and i have been trying all different things
i am 23, so i don't think i am good at cooking, lol
that is a good idea! do you like to eat?
i do like to paint! i have five kids so i am pretty busy
wow, that is a lot of years!
you should visit, i am sure they would like it.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. do you work? i coach at a baseball game
yes, hooters, but my son and i go to wine tasting every sunday night.
you can always learn, just don't be afraid of what others think!
what is wrong with you?
that is very true.
i am good. i just got home from work at a burger king.
i am 19 and work in a restaurant.
i have a part time job at a local burger king, but i want to move out
i am 19 so fun is not really a thing for me
i am not into music. i work as an extra at a burger king.
i don't watch videos, i don't know how to do them.
its jay, i am 19
i am great, and you?
i love dogs, i have one, named bob
that is nice, i am not good at tennis.
i do, i have a cat named charlie
what is your favorite food?
that is cool, i love the new kids. i have a son, and he is a kid too.
i like to dance and read. do you like music?
i am from new york. i am not much of reader.
hi! i am a swim coach, i have been for a while. what do you do?
cool! i am into music. i love death metal.
i am a girl. my mom is traditional.
oh i love texas too. i am from there. i am studying to be a computer programmer.
yes, it is. but i am also studying to become a computer programmer
i love to swim, i am studying computer programming
i will keep that in mind.
yeah. what do you do for fun?
i love my best friend!! i am a teacher
i don't care for chicken either, but i do love taking pictures.
cool, i am a teacher at school. i am a teacher in elementary school.
i love teaching too! what are your hobbies?
cool. i teach french and spanish. i teach elementary school.
that sounds interesting. i teach spanish, but i also teach english.
that is cool, i am a teacher. i teach spanish and french.
i like the color too, but my boyfriend and i are getting married next week.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
i love to eat pizza.
that is unfortunate. my kids like it. they are very good listeners.
i am a musician, what do you do?
i am going to school for creative writing
that is great! i am a drummer in a band. what do you do?
that is awesome. do you have any pets?
good, i love chocolate candy, do you?
yes. i am a dog.
i am in high school now, i want to be a dog
because i like chocolate candy. i like the blocks.
i have to sing about my favorite letters
ll i don't know about dogs. i am not into sports.
i am 18 years old. you?
i am great. just getting ready for a family game of football. you?
what do you do in the job market there?
that is a great idea. i don't go to the gym much. i go to the park.
oh i love to go to the park and enjoy the views.
that sounds like a great movie! i am a doctor, so i love to read.
i like to go to the park and go to the movies
yes they are. i am looking for a new job.
sure, i am an aspiring kayaker and love to hike
i am so sorry to hear that. i would be too.
it does. i like to read books and do some kayaking
me too, it is a joy to read the journal.
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you do well in the future.
i understand. i have a lot of anxiety so i am not the best at dealing with stress.
i have a friend who eats like that, it is great
no... i have to go now.
i am doing good. how are you?
i am a christian and i love to listen to classical music.
i am in high school too. what are you studying?
do you live in the dorms or in the dorms
i like to listen to classical music.
i do. i love watching sports on tv
i have never tried to ride horses, but i like driving them
hi, i am in california. where are you from?
no kids, i have a shoplifting problem.
i was not in school, but i did get a scholarship for shoplifting.
i will do my best to do that.
i will try, she is coming over to visit tomorrow
i would not want to lose my job
that is cool, my mom is going to visit me tomorrow.
i want to be free
hi! i am good, how about you?
i am more of a gamer, but i love playing video games.
i am a girl with short hair and band shirts.
i am not a big fan of music, but i love to play games.
i am more into music than music
yes i would love to go
it does not. but i do like playing video games. what about you?
i would love too. i don't bake much but i like to play video games
hi. my car has a black interior. my favorite music is rap.
my cat likes to eat it, too. i have a car, too.
that sounds like a good time to me
i would love to! what kind of rap?
i like the pizza. what do you like to do in your free time
i am not a fan of winter.
not really. do you have any hobbies?
i don't play jazz, i don't know much about it. what kind of music do you play?
hello! i am doing that right now.
sure, i love talking to people. do you have any children?
i am a recording engineer. my own studio here in california.
that is so sad. i am 46 and single, and i have kids!
what do you do for work?
they really are, especially when they grow up.
i am an engineer. i live in california.
i am a studio engineer, so it is hard to have fun.
hello, i am mary. how are you today?
i am sorry. i am a teacher and my students are always sad.
wow! you are young! what do you like to do in your spare time?
yes! i have a great time there!
i love the beach, but i am a teacher, so the sunsets are a little too intense for me.
no pets. i don't like them.
do you live in a house?
i love italian food
no, but i do like the band bon over. do you like music?
nursing and i also work at the local bar.
that is a long time. i have blonde hair and blue eyes
i don't know if i would be as good as my best friend.
i love my bar. i have a friend in it.
yes, i am in college, i am going to be a nurse.
i will be studying nursing in college.
i am good. just got home from the baby sitter
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
oh that is great. my step kids are in preschool.
that is cool. i have a kid, he is triplet.
basketball, but i have to watch my step children to enjoy it.
oh that is fun. i am a soccer fan, but love watching baseball.
in the states too. what do you do for work?
i am doing well, thank you. i am sarah.
yes. i have problems with my job. i retired so i don't have much money
oh that is fun! i am retired, but i am a retired gym teacher
that is a good idea i should try that
i love kids. i teach at a soup kitchen. they are my favorite food.
i am sorry to hear that. i have a hard time letting go of things.
i like to go to the soup kitchen. i have been there before.
i love watching documentaries about war.
hi. i play video games. what do you like?
i would be afraid to.
i don't know... i am not sure if my mom knows
i am a kid, so no pets for me.
no i don't think they would understand, but i will try
i would love to visit my dogs, i have lots of red hair
that sounds like fun!
that is funny, what did you do then
i do. i am studying italian. do you have a favorite food?
oh wow. i am studying english.
i just moved to florida. i have a fish named kj
yeah he did he was my boyfriend for a couple months
that is cool i am just going to the beach and see the sunset.
i like to hike in the morning to see the sunsets
yes they are. i also like to go hiking.
that is cool i am a fisherman
i am good. just got home from the army.
that is still a lot of money.
that is cool, i am in the army, i have a job as well
oh no! that is terrible. i hope you find a job soon
that is nice i like to eat
that is awesome. i have been to boston once.
that sounds delicious. i have never had one of those
that is cool. what kind of books are you interested in?
i am good, i do like horses! i am a postal service employee
i like the color grey. what do you do?
i have seen a lot of them in the city as well.
i am a postal service employee. i don't have time for pets.
i work at the post office and deliver packages for the us postal service.
oh nice. what do you like to eat?
i don't have a hobby. i am scared of everything.
i have never had a dog.
i am not in college, but my daughter is a child prodigy
i have not been. i am in the medical field so i don't travel much.
not really, i just work and watch tv
i have always wanted to go to the park. do you have kids?
i like it too but not as much as my daughter.
oh, that sounds interesting. what is it called?
yes, but it is a small one
thanks i do too.
i am great. i am a housewife and have a boyfriend who is in the army.
i don't have a camera but i am sure there are some great places
sounds great. i am sure it will be great!
that is good. do you have any hobbies?
that is great! my husband and i have a lot of kids.
that is great, i hope they will learn to love me
i bet. i am going to have to go walk my dogs soon.
mine is blue and black.
i love hummus. i am in a juvenile detention center.
no. i like to shop.
yes i can, i can teach you.
yes. my mom is going to visit me tomorrow.
that is very kind of you
i am sorry to hear that. do you like to shop? i am going to be in the shop later.
i am in a bad situation
i am doing well, and you?
i love going to the park. i love the color green.
i work as a dr at the local hospital.
you can do it, its not that hard
yes. i don't like the new job i am looking for.
my daughter is going to school. i am looking for a job.
i like all movies but i am more of a movie fan
i am in california now. i was born in texas
i am good, i am just listening to some music
i love pizza. i am a vegan and love it
that sounds good! i have a car, so it is easy for me to go
she is a pit bull, she has a blue heeler. what do you like to do?
that is sad. i have a cat named charlie. what is your name?
very beautiful and peaceful. do you like music?
yeah it is, i am in california. what do you do for fun?
i love the cold. i drive a civic.
i am good, how are you?
i have a few horses, and a small town. you?
what kind of music? i love country.
i hope so too. my dream is to become a lawyer, but i am a small town girl.
i hope you do too!
that is awesome! i want to be a lawyer someday
that sounds like a good plan
yes i am good, do you have a job
i am a nurse. how about you?
oh no, that is terrible. i am sorry.
i am sorry. i am sure you are doing well.
i have an inner heart that is outside of my body
i will believe it when i see it too, when i am in the hospital.
you should. it is a pretty interesting topic.
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am sure they will be okay.
i don't have a lot of friends on facebook, so i don't go to it.
i am doing great. how are you?
that sounds yummy, i am a pianist, but am not very good at it.
yes, i do, i am a violinist.
not really, it is my job to make sure i am healthy and not dying.
i love the outdoors, i am a piano teacher.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i am a volunteer at the homeless shelter, and i love to explore new areas.
i am a musician. i am also a volunteer at the homeless shelter.
sorry to hear that. i work as a ship yard attendant.
that sounds good too. do you have any hobbies?
i agree. i am always hungry.
i have to work in my shipyard, so i watch a lot of tv
that is awesome. i am retired now as well.
i am so sorry. i don't have any children, but volunteer with the local animal shelter.
that is crazy!!!
oh no. that is terrible. i have a job in a shipyard.
great! just hanging out with my violin teacher dad, who plays the violin.
i love to go hiking and exploring new areas
i love playing the violin! i am a piano teacher, so i am always in the city.
no i have not, i am a piano teacher
thank you i appreciate that.
i have a very musical personality.
every weekend. do you play an instrument?
hello, i am good, how are you doing?
sorry to hear that. my boyfriend and i just moved into an apartment.
i have to go to work, i teach at a school
that is nice. i love taking pictures of the sunset
my favorite color is red and silver
i teach elementary school, so i get to spend a lot of time on camera
yes i have been there, i love it there
i would love to go to paris someday. i love the color red.
yes. i can even move money.
that is awesome! what happened? i don't know much about surgery.
i am sorry to hear that. i am glad that you are feeling better now.
i am. i have never had a relationship with someone before.
cool, i like to socialize, especially when i am at the gym.
that is interesting. i spend a lot of time at the gym.
that is fun. i like to go to the gym and socialize.
hi, i am doing well. just got done with my workout. you?
oh that is cool, where do you live
well i would have to be really really good at it
i am glad you are not a judge. i would not like to be one.
that is why my parents are always athletic.
i love to run and cook, i am a fitness guru.
they are both very athletic so i do what i can
i am really into running and cooking
hi tracy, that sounds interesting. i am a drunkard, and i am not very strong.
yes, but i don't know how to feel about him. i am old.
cool. i am very strong. i am only 100. i feel like i have lived forever
i don't work, just like my life
i like to dance and dance with my friends
i do. i love the radio! i listen to the moonlight while i dance in the moonlight.
i don't drink wine, but i do drink wine and drink in the moonlight
i am great, how are you?
i play with my dolls, they are so cute!
i have two dogs. do you like to play with them?
that is interesting! i love dogs. do you have any pets?
i love her to bits, she lives right next door
i do. my best friend lives right next door, i don't pick up my kids.
yeah, i think i will. i am not picky, i love my best friend.
i love chocolate ice cream, so yes!
ll. i have 3 kids, and they keep me busy.
i have three kids, but they would rather eat my wife and kids.
three boys and three girls. what about you?
oh wow that is awesome! i am a plumber
i like to paint. i like to paint with acrylics
anything about science, history, technology. you?
yes i have. do you have kids
i do, they are so cute
that sounds like fun. i don't have any pets
i have a weakness for short hair and dogs...
mine too! i love the fall.
no i don't watch sports. do you like the olympics?
wow!! i am impressed! i am a runner but i am not very fast.
i agree! i do the treadmill and row on my days off
lol that is funny, do you like the water
they are so cute. i have a lot of friends but i don't have much time to chat
that is nice, i have been up all night working at the ship yard
i have a few of those. i am a girl too.
that is cool. i don't have many friends, but i like them anyway.
that is very kind of you
i have never eaten a pobox.
i am a kid. i am a 12 year old girl, i love to play pobox.
i am doing well. how are you?
that is good, i am working on a promotion
i am a manager for a convenience store
oh that is cool i work at a store that sells physical therapy equipment
i have a short brown hair that is not straight. i am also a store manager.
do you listen to music?
what do you do for work?
i am from new york, where are you from?
i do like pizza. i don't pick it up, though.
i love it with a little bit of cheese
that is cool, do you like to pick up your toys?
i don't know either.
i have a pet turtle. i love it!
i just got him. i don't pick them up
yes, i love all music except country.
my best friends are close to them
i am sorry. i am rob dryden.
i broke my arm skateboarding. i broke it in an accident
yes, i do. i don't think it is worth the extra time though.
that is nice. i am not married. i have a wife and two kids.
i work at a skate shop
why not? it is your choice.
i like to gamble, and i am always wearing a hat.
i am married. i have a boyfriend.
hello. i am from somalia and i am a married woman.
oh i see. i live in the usa. where do you live?
that is cool. i was in somalia when i was a kid
no i am a single mom so we did not have time to.
thank you. it was not a fun time.
oh i like death metal too! i am a big fan of the band van haven
that is cool i have never been competitive
i am good. how are you?
you can do anything you want. you will get there
oh, that is not good. i have a dog, he is my best friend.
i love hockey. what do you do for work?
that is great! do you have any hobbies?
they are. i am a farmer, so we have lots of animals.
that would be great. i have always wanted to visit there
oh that would be cool. what is your favorite color?
i have a buddhist meditation class, i love it
thank you! do you like any other things?
oh that is so good. i am sorry you had to deal with that.
i am a buddhist. i have been a free spirit since my job
that is great! i am a buddhist and meditation is my way to relax.
you are very welcome! i am a buddhist.
yes they do. i need to speak to a buddhist to help me.
i have not done a marathon in years. i just meditate a lot.
i am doing well. how are you?
that is a great way to spend a day. i am 19
that is great! i work full time.
that sounds horrible. what kind of music do you listen to?
i don't dye it. i am 19.
red is a nice color. my hair is black.
purple. my parents are not home.
i am 19. i have a part time job at burger king
i am doing well. just got back from disney world
i love the beach too. i am in 3rd grade.
i am in the 3rd grade. how old are you?
that is a lot of responsibility!
i love to play with my friends at the playground
yes i have. it is a blast.
i know. i just wish my parents would let me go to disney every year.
i am in 3rd grade, so i don't have many either
hi i am doing great. how are you
that is cool. i am just watching a war documentary.
i am a retired teacher so i am not sure. i love to watch documentaries.
i am sorry, i am sure your cats love your company.
i have 4 dogs and 3 cats. i am not sure if that is enough.
do you watch any war documentaries?
thanks. what else do you do?
cats are nice. what are your cats names?
i am going to go out to eat with my husband and read a book
that is so sweet! do you have any kids?
reading is my favorite past time. i love to read.
we have been married for a little over 3 years. yes i went to college.
i have read several books a week for a while now. i am a full time mom.
i wish you the best! i hope your baby is a boy or girl!
i am only 17. my husband and i are in pennsylvania.
yeah. i don't think my husband would approve. he does not want kids.
i am doing well, just got back from my shift at home depot
i am in california. i love to go to the beach and eat food.
i don't have any pets, do you?
i am a dog lover too, i am just not very talkative
i am planning to go to a horror film festival.
i like all kinds of movies. i am not really a horror buff though.
i love to watch horror movies. what do you do?
i teach at a school. i teach english.
i am a teacher and teach elementary.
what do you do for a living?
i am more into art, i like to take pictures and take them with my camera.
they really are! i am really into photography, especially taking pictures of my new apartment.
i don't. i teach elementary school. i teach spanish, and i love it.
they are. i love them. do you like to take pictures?
i am great, how about you?
i have been watching some tv.
that is so awesome!! i am a single mom and have a steady relationship.
i am a single mom, so no. i spend a lot of money on cars, so no kids.
that is nice. do you have any hobbies?
i don't like kids, they make me feel depressed.
i work in a library. what do you like to do?
i have a hard time with relationships
hi, i am good, and you?
i am not sure. i am not sure where i want to live.
that is cool. what do you do there?
that is awesome! my parents were both deaf.
i love tea. i am a huge fan of tea
i hope so. i am not sure yet.
oh that is cool. do you have a favorite color?
no. but i do love to listen to it while i am in school.
country is good. i run for queen.
no. i am not. i have a goal to be a therapist
it is very nice. i want to be a physical therapist.
i run, i love to run!
no i don't track. i am in high school and want to be a physical therapist
oh that is a good one. i want to be a physical therapist
i am great, just playing with my friends at disney world
that is a funny way of spelling hippopotamus
i have a pet mouse, and he is a character in my favorite movie
i am famous for being a little kid.
no i don't play it. i play with friends
cool. i love robotics, and i am in school to be a robotics teacher.
i don't know. i do like to play with my friends.
i am good, just listening to up. you?
oh okay. what do you like to do for fun?
i teach elementary school, my kids love music too
i am a teacher. what do you do for fun?
yes, it is a beautiful place. what do you do for fun?
yeah it is. what else do you do?
i do. i teach elementary school
i have been to the beach and the beach has been nice.
i am in florida, i am in the south
yeah i love them. they are great. i also love to go to taco bell!
i am not into country.
that is a shame, i am sure you have some kind of memory
i like country music. do you work? i work at a convenience store
i don't like country but i like country music
that is funny! i have a nissan that i drive. do you work?
i am not sure i understand your question
yes i do, i like it a lot.
i am from germany and i love it too.
yeah i am okay i am just a boy
it was pretty cool. i was just a boy born with my heart outside.
i have always wanted to move my heart
i cannot swim, but i can move things with my mind.
sure. i am a boy and my heart was outside my body
yes, and i will do my part for sure
my father is trying to get me on blind dates. i am terrified.
i love it. do you have any fears?
no, i am afraid of them.
i don't know if i would be happy with that.
i do like them. they are great. do you have any fears?
that is good. i just got a job in the gas station.
well, i am a clown. i am a scary clown.
oh okay. my dad is a factory manager.
that sounds fun. i am 56. how old is your oldest?
that is cool. i have two kids who never visit, so i have been busy
i used to be a painter. now i am a housekeeper.
no. i don't see any blood.
i am taking my two children with me. i have been taking them to see my two grown children.
me too. i have two grown kids. i would be terrified too.
i do, and i do my part as a housekeeper, too.
well my kids do visit me but i don't want them
no i don't. i do like to walk.
that is a lot. do you enjoy the walking and taking long walks?
what city? i am a bit far for me.
that is nice. i live in a house.
yes i know i have to get better diet
i love it. i don't drink it, but i do love to eat it.
that sounds great! we should do that.
i love to listen to music
i am a professional tanning salon owner. you?
i like to do tanning, but it is a pain in my tanning bed
i have heard about that... you must have a lot of fun.
i am a high maintenance person and i don't like to eat healthy
i am not sure, but it sounds like you need to find something to do with your time.
not much. i read a lot of books.
that is cool. i am into music, and i listen to britney spears
i am working, how about yourself?
what kind of cow do you have?
oh, cool. i work for a watch dealer.
i don't know. i just like the way it is.
i don't have a truck but my dream car is a rollieback!
i do love music! i love the rolling stones.
that is nice. i love to shop for my favorite shoes and watch
i like to go shopping and shopping.
hi how are you
i don't listen to britney spears but i love her.
i am sorry to hear that. i work in the insurance business
i work in insurance
i don't know, but i am not working
yes. i am a little sad.
i do, especially in the summer.
i am sorry. my dad was in the military. i had to get a new job.
hi bob i am sarah. i have 2 cats and they keep me busy
i like to be alone and have my own thoughts
i love money. i collect over 1000 hats
i love her. i have a lot of old clothing.
i have two cats that love sweaty clothes too.
what else do you do for fun?
that is cool. i have never had chocolate ice cream.
i am sorry to hear that. i have two cats and they help.
nice! i have two dogs, a cat and a lizard.
i am not much into sports.
i like to watch the olympics.
i am a chef, and i love reading comic books.
oh, i love comics. my favorite is spider man. do you like it?
that is awesome! i am sure that you have a lot of fun with that!
i am a comic book fan.
what kind of food do you like?
hi, i am in new orleans. i love the weather.
me too. i have to work from home so its hard to do that.
that is cool! what do you do in your free time?
i am a vet and i am a huge animal lover!
that is a good color.
i am too but i don't like it.
that is awesome. i am in a local theater company. i love it.
that sounds like a lot of fun.
i love bees, i have one.
yes i do, i am a farmer
that is awesome. i am a farmer. i love papaya.
i am not married, and i am a bee farmer.
i am a farmer, and love potatoes.
i am a huge papaya fan. what do you do for a living?
thanks! i have a lot of friends from italy.
its good, i am a model, you?
that is fun! i love the navy blue.
what do you do for fun? i volunteer at a local animal shelter
yes. i am a full time mom and i work full time as a ship yard worker.
oh that is cool i don't know
i don't dance. i don't have time for that.
no, i have not, but i am going to try and get one.
it was a pleasure. you too.
what do you do for work?
i am doing great, and yourself?
i am a gymnast. i am in the olympics
i am 25. do you like to travel?
me too. my fav color is yellow.
i don't have time to clean, i have to work.
my best friend lives down the street. i workout 4 times a week.
haha, i don't have many, but i do have some!
good. how about you?
yes i love it. i am also a farmer
music is great! my favorite is the bees!
that is awesome. i love music.
yes i guess so. i don't have family so i don't work.
yes i love music. i am also a bee farmer
i have never had lobster. do you have family?
yes! my husband and i have a huge family. i love them.
hi i am great, how are you?
i am a construction worker. what do you do?
i live in california. what about you?
that is cool i am in florida.
i am a construction worker and my cats are my best friends
i like to build my house, you?
inside! i have a lot of cats.
hi there. i am good how about yourself?
it is called a tale of two cities.
i am 56 and my husband is 56 as well.
i do. i have two grown children and two grown kids.
i am a housekeeper, i don't have time for them.
i am a painter. i used to paint when i was a teenager.
yes, i do. what about you?
hello! my children and grandkids are all over the place!
i don't have any, but i am very proud of them
i would rather be at the beach. i don't have a cell phone, though.
no. i have to get a new one soon. i have been having problems.
no. i have a great grandson, though! he is my favorite grandkid.
i love to go hiking.
i am not married, but have great kids and grandchildren.
i hope so. do you like music?
i am great. how are you?
i am doing well, playing chess online
that is so adorable. do you have any hobbies?
oh, i am not a dog person. i am a cat person.
i am allergic to chocolate
chocolate candy. i am 4, and my mom is a nurse.
mine too, i love chocolate candy.
i am 4 years old. i don't know my dad.
i am doing well. just playing with my dog, and yourself?
wow! that is awesome! i am working on a robot that will help me be a body double
that is awesome, i am more of a baseball fan.
oh wow. i am a famous starcraft player.
i am allergic to all of those things
i love to watch it
oh wow, i am working on a new game, starcraft.
yes we are, we need to finish this game.
i am good. watching some war documentaries. you?
cool. i am just watching a war documentary.
i am a retired teacher and i love cheeseburgers.
i don't like my uniform, i prefer my old gym clothes.
i am a gym teacher, so i have a lot of shirts with sleeves.
i am not sure. my kids are young enough that i still have a ways to go.
thanks. i am trying to keep up with the news and learn about the world.
i am from the us. where do you live?
walking around my house. i live in a house.
i love fries and soda. what do you like to do for fun?
i don't like to eat soda. i don't want to get diabetes.
that sounds like fun. i like to walk and eat french fries.
that is nice. i love french fries.
i don't like it too loud. i am not a fan of loud things
i don't know if you have any pets
good. how are you?
yes. it was great! i have been watching it on sundays.
no i am not really into magic. i prefer to be alone
lol, that is a good thing to be. i love to sing songs from the movie
i think i might have to do that
i am in the 3rd grade, so i am a bit of a nerd
that is great! do you like to sing?
hi travis i am mia and my son is todd
wow that is a lot of kids
cool! i have a yellow mini van
that is a great combo. i do gymnastics 4 hours a day.
that is a good way to get through the day.
what do you like to do for fun?
i do. i am a gymnast
i am a gymnast and i work 4 hours a day, so i get tired of it.
i am good. just eating my favorite meal of the day, which is salad.
no. i don't believe in god.
yes it will, i love country, what is your favorite song?
yes i am a manager at a local store
i am not religious.
i am not really sure what that is.
i love dogs, but i don't believe in god
nice... i don't have a lot of time to go to the beach.
i am good, just watching some tv. what are you up to?
i am thinking about becoming a lawyer.
i don't, i just work at a farm
no, i have not seen it. do you have a favorite movie?
that is cool. i am not sure how to sing.
that is interesting. i would love to be able to own a horse.
it was, and now i am a lawyer.
i am a car salesman, what do you do?
i am a car salesman. what do you like to do?
i like singing too. my wife loves singing, too.
i have a hard time with mine too
oh, you are a dog person?
bye! you too, have a great night!
yeah, it is hard work. what do you like to do for fun?
you will not be disappointed! what are you going to school for?
hello i am doing good. i am well.
oh wow, that is crazy! i have a family of three boys.
i pray for you, i have been raising them since i was a baby.
i am a lawyer, i know a lot of people.
oh, you must have been pretty good.
i am not used to soreness.
oh, that is sad. i grew up on a farm, where are you from?
oh, you are in spain? i was born and raised on a farm.
i am doing great. how about you?
no i don't, but i do love dogs
they are a handful but so rewarding to have
that sounds amazing! do you like dogs? i do, and tacos.
oh that is awesome. i love the ocean. i live in alabama.
i live in alabama. i have 3 sisters and they are from alabama.
i would rather stay home and watch my dogs
that is true, and i am a dog lover.
hi! i am a construction worker, how about you?
i have not. but i work on construction and my mom is visiting.
my cats are my life!!!
i am sure he will come help you
i like to build things.
i bet you are glad that you did not get caught
i have five cats. i love them.
i would like to learn about that. i am not very good with women.
i am great. just finished working.
well i am a college student, and i work at a bar.
that is great. i work at a bar, so i don't get to go home often.
no pets, but i am getting an apartment with my best friend.
cool. my best friend lives with me. he is a bartender.
cool, i love them. i have a new apartment, i rent
i am 6 3 tall and blonde.
i am good. just getting ready for the day. how about you?
not really. my husband does. he is the man.
i love animals too. what do you do for fun?
yes, i have a pit bull and a chihuahua.
yes. i am pregnant with my first child.
i am still pregnant, so i am still in the planning phase.
nah, it is a pretty big job and i don't get a lot of time off
yes i do. i love the movie pennsylvania. i read the books every week.
no, i was in a meeting
that sounds fun. i like fish and chips.
me too! i have a weakness for fish tacos. do you have any?
yes, my dad is in the hospital. i visit him every month.
mostly abstracts. do you like to read?
i am a art major in college, i have a weakness for fish and chips
i have a dog too. he is a mutt.
hi! i am doing great. how are you doing?
i don't drink any alcohol, but i would buy one.
i am a coffee lover, so i am a barista
i love shoes too, but i hate wearing them.
i love that stuff. my dad was a construction worker, he loved the stuff.
i love coffee! i drink a lot of it. i drink it every day!
i am not a big coffee drinker.
good. i am in high school, i am in the soccer team.
i am 71, i am on the soccer team.
oh that is cool, i don't have kids.
no, but i do enjoy the bus to school
i go to a christian church
i am in school right now, but i am a bit older.
she was an old lady, she was an old woman.
i try to be. what do you do for a living?
i am well, thank you. i am watching the olympics.
i don't have a farm but i love to watch olympics
mine is jenny. she is a black lab. do you have any hobbies?
i do too. i have been in an open relationship for 3 years.
well, i am an open polyamourous person, and i sell door to door sales, so that is what i do.
i have been walking my dogs and i love it. do you have pets?
what kind of music do you like
do you work? i have 3 dogs and 3 cats.
my favorite band is the rolling stones
i don't like music.
i am a bit bored with the gym
not right now. i am in college. what about you?
i am majoring in psychology, i love the gym, so i have been going since i was in high school.
i am sorry. what kind of house do you have?
yeah, i have long hair, and i love it!
i have a little over 2 inches on mine.
i am good. how are you doing?
i am jealous. i have been working all day.
i like to listen to music. i love music from aerosmith.
do you like music?
oh that is cool. i like to listen to music
i am a waitress, i like tacos and mexican food
i love music too, i listen to it while i work
i am doing great! just got home from a long walk!
that is cool, do you have any hobbies
oh that is nice. i have not been to a farm.
it does not work for everyone. what do you do for fun?
well i am sure you will be back
i don't drink soda and i am trying to get fit.
true. i don't drink soda. do you?
yes, i am a big fan of it.
yeah it is, i would like to go there one day
do you ever go to the horse park?
oh, do you like to cook? i love to make my own food.
i would love to travel but my family has been raising horses.
i have never been able to work a day in my life.
oh, i am a lawyer, and my family has been doing that for generations.
that is cool. i have always wanted to be a lawyer
good night!
i am doing well and you
i like to go to the bar to drink. i work part time at a bar.
you should get a dog
that is sad, do you have any hobbies?
i have a friend that does that too.
i don't like to go south
you are lucky. what are you going to school for?
i don't know, he is my best friend.
i just got back from my horses. i love them.
that is cool. i like the string instrument. i have been playing since i was 4
i hope to move to the city soon
that sounds very cool. i am a bit of a history buff.
that is awesome. my family has a farm so i have always been around animals.
yes, i want to move to a city, where i can live on a farm
it did. i was raised on a farm and it worked fine.
no, i was raised on a farm on the farm.
good and you
that is cool. do you enjoy your job?
i bet. i love my job, but it is hard
nice. i love going to the beach with my dog.
reading is nice. i am a professional tennis player.
about 3 years. what do you do for work
no i don't, i am a professional tennis player
they don't travel, but my dog helps with my tennis game.
i am doing well. just watching some nascar. what are you doing?
i have 2 cats too. they keep me busy.
that is cool. i work construction.
i like collecting things. what is your favorite hat?
i have never been to the olympics. i am a construction worker.
i like to watch ufc and nascar on tv
it is! i also enjoy watching sports.
i like to listen to music. what else do you like?
doing great. i just finished playing some basketball.
i am in the midwest. what about you?
haha, i don't think so! do you like to play sports?
where are you from? i am in california
that sounds fun! do you play any sports?
my mother is a dentist, so i know how that goes.
i am looking for a job right now.
hello, i am doing good, just playing with my dolls. how are you?
hey roddy, my name is jim. i play with my dolls.
oh my goodness, i would not know what to do with my dolls
i am not retired. my best friend lives next door.
oh i have a son. he is a little boy
that would be nice. i have a lot of dolls, so i don't have time to play.
i would like that. what do you do for fun?
i like to play with my dolls
i am doing good, how are you?
yes, i have three children.
that is a lot! what do you do for a living?
oh that is cool, what color is yours
i like to play sports, and you?
chocolate, i love it
i like ice cream, my favorite is chocolate.
i love meat too, but chocolate is my fave
yes! i love it. it is so fun!
i don't know. my dad was a very athletic man.
i have never raced, but my parents both are very athletic and i am
wow that is amazing. i am a life coach
i bet you have a lot of friends!
she was a nurse.
i am vegan, but i am also a runner.
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i am 23 and i am feeling pretty old.
i have a cat named jasper
i don't really like to cook, i am a terrible cook!
that is a good thing to do, you should cook with your cats
no i don't have a home
hello, i am a guy!
that is nice, i am just hanging out with the kids, you?
i am a ford dealer
no, but i do like to do some role playing
i like to do live action roleplaying
what are sims? i am a ford driver. i drive a ford truck.
i have been playing since i was little. i have a ford mustang.
they are, but i am not a fan of them.
what are your hobbies?
i am just chilling in my apartment. i am a mechanical engineer.
that is cool. i work as an engineer for a bank.
oh, that sounds great! where are you going?
that is cool. i am in colorado, so it is always sunny there.
yes, i am very excited.
i love it! i have never been skiing before.
that sounds great, i will bring my guitar
that sounds like fun. what else do you do?
i am well. what do you do for a living?
i am a teacher.
that is cool, my parents don't really like me playing
that is nice i am a custodian for the city of chicago.
i don't have a father, but i am supportive of my dreams.
maybe i will find someone else to help pay the bills
you know, like a bad dream, i am not sure
i think its because i am not very social. my parents don't like me much.
great! i just finished my workout, i am so tired.
that sounds like fun. do you work out a lot?
i love music too. especially when i am working out.
nope! i do like nascar though. i like to run in my free time.
i do love mexican!
i am in a gymnastics gym. what about you?
i don't know, i don't teach. i do like to eat healthy foods.
i am a gymnast and i love to listen to them
oh no! that is awful. i work on cars for a living.
i work on vintage cars. i have a couple.
i have a labrador. what about you?
no i have not. i am a big country fan.
do you like country music?
what is your favorite music? mine is country.
i see. i work at a garage.
yes i like to work on cars and i like country music.
hello, i am good. i am just hanging with my friend
that is cool, do you have any other hobbies?
wow, you must be really good at it
i don't know if i could do that. my heart is inside me.
i love donuts, i love to play them on the weekends
not really, i am more of a role player than a superhero.
i would not be afraid of heights
oh my, i love video games. what kind of games do you play?
hi i am not really into that.
i love money. i spent a lot of money at my house this weekend.
i have a lot of friends, but i don't like to hang out with them.
that is a nice combination!
i like to play games and get into trouble
i love to play pobox
i like to play pobox with my friends
he is. i like to play pobox with him.
i have a lot of hats, but i am a big fan of winter
i have to eat it, but i love it
ll. i have 2 cats, and they keep me warm in the winter.
oh that is great. what do you compete in?
i won the medal in the 1992 olympics. i was a champion.
oh my! what happened?
not really, but i have a weakness for vanilla ice cream.
no kids, but i have two dogs
i agree, it would be a good job for a lot of people
yes, it is. i am looking for a new doctor, but i have a bad reputation.
i am not a big fan of the human service.
what do you do?
yes i am. i was a nurse. now i am a dr.
i have been in the medical field. i am a dr.
i like to go to the park and go to the park
hello. doing great.... how are you?
yes it could not. i am a survivor.
i am sure you will be happier once you are older.
i love it! i have a lot of friends and i am very social
do you have any hobbies?
no, but my husband is. he is an economist.
i love to eat. especially raw vegetables
that is great! i am married and have two kids.
i am great. how are you doing?
it is, i am a teacher.
i love red, reminds me of summer time.
i am a cat person. my boyfriend and i are moving in together
i am a teacher, what do you do?
lol....... i teach elementary school.... i love kids!
english, spanish and french. do you have kids?
i like to go to parties too. what do you do for a living?
good. i am pregnant. how are you?
it was about the rise of the country and the rise of the empire.
it is a good documentary, and it shows the birth of my first child.
me too! i am pregnant, i am hoping to have my first child soon.
sometimes. i like to go to the church on sundays, though.
what do you do in church?
that is cool. what is your favorite kind of movie?
i am good, how are you?
no i don't like anything i just don't care
i am a vegan, and i love the color orange.
i work at the bookstore. i am trying to stay positive.
i like to dance to it
oh i have a dog, i have a lot of friends
no but i am a competitive runner
no. i am a bookstore clerk, and i don't like to dress up.
yeah, i am good, what are you up to today?
that is awesome! what is it like training for marathons?
i love to cook, especially for my family and friends.
i like fish and anything that is not on the kitchen.
i like fishing too. i am more of a comic book fan.
i am not sure if i like to eat them, but i do like to fish.
that is awesome. i am a cook, but love to cook.
i am glad you do. i am also a big fan of the comic books.
i am doing well, how are you?
i don't think so, i don't really like to compete
i know right? what kind of phone do you have?
it does not, but it is worth a try.
yes it will. do you have any hobbies?
i hope you can find the time to get to know each other!
yeah. i have been working the weekend, but i am a waitress.
i am good and you
i am an art teacher at a school.
i am a museum curator, but i am deaf.
i love reading. i am a big fan of books.
i am a vegan so i don't eat meat
i like to eat healthy. i eat lots of rosemary
i have not. i have been reading about them though.
i am sure they have something. i have been to many museums.
i am good. how are you doing?
no, i don't like shawarma. i don't eat meat
oh wow, i am a musician, and i play the piano.
i play the piano, and play the guitar. i also work as a custodian
i did not pass the audition, but i hope to be a big musical artist
oh, that sounds like fun. i am more of a piano player.
that is great, i hope to be a music player in the future
that is a good point. do you play any instruments
i am well, how about yourself?
hello, i am mia. i have 2 cats and a dog.
i love to eat vanilla ice cream, and have over 1000 of it!
oh, i see. what are they like?
coffee is my weakness, but i love vanilla. what is your favorite food?
i love wine. i have a lot of over 1000.
that sounds nice. i have a hat collection that is over 1000.
i have a hat collection, over 1000.
i am good, how are you?
that is a long time, i have 5 cats.
i am a student too. i work construction. what do you do?
that would be awesome, my cats love to play soccer.
yeah, it was great. i am a contractor for a construction company
it was. i have to take my cats to the vet soon.
i am sure it is! i love cats.
yes. i like to drink while i am working on houses.
hi, my name is sarah. i am a runner and love to rowing.
that is cool i am not a student i am a professional rowing machine
i am from boston.
wow, what do they do?
that is too bad, i am sure they would be happy to have you
what do you do for work? i am an engineer, and i work with computers.
oh, that is great! i love running.
oh that is good. i don't like the treadmill.
i am great, just working on a project at the bar. you?
i live in nyc.
i am male. i don't know why.
i don't like chicken, but i do love to drink beer and eat pizza
that sounds like fun. what is your favorite color?
i work at a local restaurant, and have been there since college.
i don't have a motorcycle, but i do like to ride my bike.
good! how about you?
i am sure you are not alone
oh my gosh. that is so funny. do you have twins?
i have never been there either. i am in the midwest.
that is a great idea! i will have to try that.
i am trying to get a new home.
i work a lot and sleep alot.
that sounds nice. i would like that. i am going to buy a new house soon
i am great! just enjoying a nice day in my house in florida!
i have been drinking since 15 years.
what do you do for a living?
i don't live in the country but i have been in the state for 15 years.
i am a male who loves sports and children
that is great. i am glad to hear.
i have a lot of freckles too, i have 3
i have two kids and a dog
sure, what are you up to?
i am a finance major. i am going to study business law.
business, i want to go to business school. what is your favorite color?
nice. do you have any hobbies?
i don't like to travel. my parents are very rich.
i am a bank teller. what do you do for fun?
that is cool. do you like it?
i have a bmw. i love the car! i want to go to bmw school!
i love to eat out, and i also like to work out
i enjoy eating out. i love taylor swift.
i am getting married next spring.
i have a job at a school as a kindergarten teacher.
oh i love that game too! what are your plans for today?
a school for kids in the south
i drive a black car. what about you?
i love the new ferrari. my favorite car.
hi there, i am a kid. i just turned 8.
my favorite character is jimmy fallon. what do you do for fun?
i don't play sports, i work for a watch company
i like all of them except for the new york city folk song
yes i am a watch dealer. what do you do?
i have a job at the watch shop i shop at.
yes!!! i have a collection of his books. i also love the color blue!
i love playing with the dolls. i also love to shop
i am good. i am just hanging out with my friend, and you?
oh, that is great! i am a star wars fanatic.
that sounds amazing! what are you doing there?
i am a student at the college of arts and sciences
i am a college student, how about you?
wow that is awesome. i like football a lot
that is so sweet! what kind of dog? i love star wars.
oh wow, that is a lot of dogs. what do you do for fun?
i am cooking and you
cool! i just got home from a long haul trip, i am 23
yes, i can! what else do you enjoy?
i am in new york. where are you?
no, i am from new york. i love to travel. i am in new england
i am in florida. how about you?
i am not good at it, but i do love cooking. what do you do?
i have some wine. it is good for my grandchildren.
i am retired, so i don't have much time for kids.
that is a lot of kids!
that is cool i like to sew my own clothes.
i have a great grandson and grandchild, but i am not sure how i would live with cancer
thank you! i am very proud of my kids and grandkids.
that is amazing. i am retired, living the life.
yes. i am a very happy person and enjoy my kids.
i am great, and you?
that is fun. what kind of shopping? i am shopping for a new dress.
oh wow. i am in south carolina.
i am a dancer. what do you do?
i love to dance and dance and dance...
i love to dance.
i am glad to hear you have been married. i have been married for 5 years as well.
i was forced to marry my aunt there. she helped me escape
i am doing good. just getting ready for work. you?
i am a financial analyst. what do you do?
i don't, i am a college student
that sounds fun. i love animals. i don't have any kids though.
i am a college student, i have to eat a lot.
i work in finance. what do you do?
that is awesome. what else do you do for fun?
cats are cool. i like them a lot.
hello jefferson, i am james, and i am employed by the us postal service.
i am not sure if my german shepherd is a dog. he is a german shepherd.
i don't have the patience to read. i spend my time driving.
yes. they are. they have been a great pet.
that is cool. do you like to travel?
i am terrified of them too!
what else do you like to do?
my father drove a car for nascar, he died too.
i love to rock climb in the summer
no. i am a scientist. i am not married.
i don't want to be. i am a black lab.
that sounds like a good plan.
oh nice! do you have a favorite hobby?
i am a big outdoors person too! i am also a mechanic
what do you do for fun?
i am sorry. i don't blame them. what do you do for fun?
yes, she is the best. do you have any other interests?
cuddling is great. i have a dog named trooper.
i like it too, it is my favorite time of year.
i am twenty six. do you have any hobbies?
what do you do for a living?
i am in colorado. i love hiking in the spring.
i don't think tacos are his favorite food. i do love to hike though.
do you have any pets? i have a lab
i am great. just listening to some hip hop. you?
what do you do for a living?
i am so sorry. that is awful.
i have danced before. i love dancing! i do it on weekends.
that is cool. i love hip hop. i am old enough to know that.
oh that is cool. i like hip hop
both are delicious, but not the same!!
i am not much of a foodie, but i like to eat anything old school
i am jessi, what is your favorite color
wow that is a great medal! i have never been.
cool, i like to rock climb
i love to hike in the summer.
i don't like it much either, but its my favorite.
that is great. what do you do for work?
i am an electrical engineer, so it is not that hard for me.
i live in colorado. i am a mechanic, i love it.
great! just got home from a long day of driving.
i am a waitress at a local place.
cool i am in my civic listening to rap music.
that is cool, do you like rap music
i don't drink tea. i like to cook
i like to eat my pizza after my cows milk.
that is a song from my favorite rapper..... charlie daniels....
i am good, how are you?
i bet they are. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. i have been there on a few occasions.
i have a 2016 civic, its a great car.
i am in college. i am a music student
no i am still living at home
oh, that is a good start.
that sounds nice. what is your favorite food? mine is pizza.
you are welcome. i hope it was enjoyable.
i drive a black lexus, but i also like to drive a bmw
cool. i play in the local band and play guitar. what else?
no pets, but i am learning to speak spanish. i like it.
do you have any pets? i have a dog
i don't know what a black lab is
that is interesting. do you know any other languages besides spanish?
do you speak spanish? i am fluent in that
i don't, i live in california.
oh no. i am sorry. do you like video games?
no, i don't. i prefer to stay in shape.
i love playing games. i have a lot of friends online.
i love to go to the gym and play games. what is your favorite?
that is a good job. i am into music and video games.
i don't know, maybe try asking someone else
i have a red car, i am a girl with short hair.
sure. i can teach you how to speak spanish. i am fluent.
cool! what do you like to do for fun?
i love italian, but i don't cook much.
oh wow that is really cool. what do you do?
i have not traveled to europe yet. i have been to spain.
you can learn to swim if you are smart enough.
thanks. what do you do for fun?
that is a cool area. i have never been there.
wow! that is pretty cool
i am not into work either, but i am in school to learn spanish.
oh no. i am sorry.
what do you do? i am a musician.
i am a music student. what do you do?
spanish is my main language
yeah, but i think i will learn spanish one day.
i am great, just got home from playing with my dolls.
my dog is named spooky
i do. i have a turtle.
i am. i am four years old. you?
i don't, i am more of a meat lover.
i don't like them. they taste like dirt.
oh i love pizza! what do you do for fun?
you are funny. what is your favorite thing to do?
i will try but my dolls are not around
i will try. i hope you do too.
hi, i am just watching a movie with my friend. you?
i like to eat a lot of doughnuts
i have not retired yet. i am still active on my call of duty.
it is a video game.
it is! i love to play with my imaginary friends
i like to play call of duty. what about you?
that is wonderful. do you have any other hobbies?
oh that is cool. i am in school too. i am a ford driver.
i have a dog. i am very busy.
retired, but i m still going to gamble
i work at a restaurant. i am retired now, so i can go out and mow my lawn.
i am not sure what i want to gamble, but i am going to try
i have a cat. she is a mutt, but i love her.
that is cool i am retired so i don't have to do that
i will keep that in mind, thank you.
i am great! i am in canada, where are you from?
wow, that is great. i did not go to school for it.
i am not very fond of italian food
i did not, but i did eat some pizza.
i am in the navy so i am pretty busy
oh nice! i like to run and go hiking.
oh that is a long workout
good...... i just got home from the gym.
oh that sounds good i like to eat french fries and hamburgers
oh. i have been drinking too many french fries.
that is a great accomplishment, i have not had a burger in forever.
no, i don't. i do like to eat food though.
the orange is my favorite.
i don't drink any soda
oh. that is sad. what else do you like to do?
great! just finished my daily shopping spree. you?
i don't like animals, so i shop for shoes and watches.
yes i do. i also like to shop and i love shoes.
that is cool. what kind of music do you like?
what do you do for a living?
i am sure you will one day.
do you have any hobbies?
i am a huge fan of shoes and watches! what about you?
i do. what are you up to today?
they are a lot of fun, what kind do you have?
i am not sure. they eat whatever they want. they eat pizza, which is my favorite.
he does! he loves to eat pizza, and my car is pink.
that is a cool name. i like to drive my car, a civic.
i love to play with my pets. they are my best friends!
i love classical. what do you do for a living?
i like to do rock music. i have a ferrari. you?
i am good, how about you?
that is cool. what do you sing?
i love the beatles, i listen to their music all day
what dreams are those?
oh, you must be very young.
oh i see. do you like music?
i like to play the drums. i am a waitress to help pay my bills.
cool, i am a waitress at the moment, what about you?
i am doing well, and you?
i am retired, i am living the life now
i have not played that, do you play any sports
that is cool! i have a grandson who is a recluse.
i like to sew. i can do all the things you can do
that sounds like it could be a fun career.
i hope so! what do you like to do for fun?
i am a retired nurse and i like to go to the beach
good. i just had my first rainbow hair.
that sounds fun. i am just watching my cat
yes, i am old. i have too old to say.
yes it is, i like my hair that is how i got my hair.
oh no! what are your hobbies?
i am not. i don't know what that is. do you?
they are not very good at it.
that is cool. i am an animal activist, i love animals
i am well. how are you?
i am not. i don't celebrate anything.
that sucks. i am 24 years old.
i love eating out, and my friends like to eat too.
that is great. i am a teacher, so i have been busy with school
the spring. we are getting married in spring, which is my favorite season.
i am from ny and you?
i have been there before and have been married in italy
oh cool! i love the orioles! i am a kindergarten teacher.
i am good. i just got back from a long drive home.
i am not sure if i want to marry him. i am 24 and married
that sounds delicious. do you have any hobbies
oh, that is cool! what do you do for fun?
yes it is. i am getting married in spring
i have never had facebook. i don't know why.
i like blue and pink. do you?
i love pink, especially in my wedding. what is your favorite color?
i am great! how are you?
what do you do for work?
wow, that sounds terrible.
that is not good. i have 5 kids, so i don't have much time to care about things.
wow that must be a long time
oh, i am only 26, so i have plenty of time
i like to drink a glass of wine after i don't have coffee.
i have five boys. i am busy coaching them
good, how about yourself?
i will, thank you for the encouragement.
that sounds good. what kind of dog is he?
i work in a bar at night to pay for college.
i have a friend that does not like chicken but he is a great cook
wow that is a lot of weight
yes, it is. i am in college to become a nurse.
i sure hope so. i am going to study nursing
hello. i am a hip hop fan, but i am not really into kids.
hi! i was born in the late 80s. what do you do?
i like hip hop, and i love new kids on the block.
i like to watch tv and movies with my kids
my father keeps setting me up with new people. he is so controlling
wow, that is so cool. i was born in the 80s so i am not sure
i love to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i like to draw. i am a bit of a hiphop fan
hi i am good how are you
it is a very unique hobby.
oh i don't either. i am a farmer. what about you?
i am a stay at home mom. what about you?
i did not. i just got adopted and it was rough
i do too. i am a farm girl.
i am in a farming town. where do you live?
i am well. just got done with a honeymoon. how are you?
yeah, i don't drink alcohol. i am a bee farmer, so i have no time.
i love tea! i have been married to a model.
i would love to visit your beautiful rose garden
no. i am a beekeeper.
i love my job and the bees
that is nice i am not a good reader
i like to read and cook.
they think i am a lazy bee farmer.
i have never been able to tell them. they don't understand me
yes. i am a big papa bear.
thanks! it will happen. i have a lot of siblings that are very close.
it was. you as well.
nice. i don't have time for dancing, i am too skinny.
i like red and blue. do you like sports?
cool! i love band shirts and ruffles sleeves.
that is awesome! i have a cat named jasper.
oh, i love the band shirts, and my favorite shirts are band shirts
i have a few pairs of band shirts.
i live in new york.
i don't think so, i am too fat to move
i am great, i just got done mountain biking!
what do you do for a living?
i am a construction worker, what about you?
i am a huge fan of burgers too. i am a big coffee drinker
my dad was a construction worker. he loved to hike and drink coffee.
that is sad. do you have siblings?
it was not my choice. i am a huge coffee drinker and have a hard time adjusting.
i am a huge coffee drinker, but i don't drink it.
i am great! i just got back from a long day of sewing
oh, i am so sorry about that. do you like it?
yes i do. i have amazing grandchildren. i have been retired for a year now.
you can do anything you want. you just have to be confident
yes it would, i would also like to retire and spend more time with my grandchildren.
its ok i have a grandson and grand children to help me through it
i do. i have a grand daughter, grand grandchildren, and a cat
that is a lot of siblings.
i am great and you?
i am not sure if i would like that job, my wife does.
i am 40. i don't like my job.
that is great, i sell cars
i think so, but my wife keeps me busy.
that is good. i am 40 and i have no problem with saving money.
no. i am not a feminist, but i am for equal rights.
yes, i love twitter! what is your favorite thing to do?
hi tom. my name is mary, what do you do for a living?
that is awesome, i walk 3 miles to work every day.
yes, but its hard to make money when you work all the time
that is sad i have a daughter
i love to go to disneyland and watch movies.
yeah he is cool, i am a baby delivery nurse so i like him
i am going to read a book, you?
i like to watch disney shows on my walk to work everyday.
i am good. how are you?
i am a housewife, i love to walk.
what is your favorite thing to eat?
i have family in florida too. do you have any hobbies?
do you like to eat hamburgers? i do.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i have a dog too, a lab mix
that is so sweet. i hope you get better soon.
hello! just got back from a long haul of food.
i have not thought of that. i am a little food illiterate
you should come to france, its great
i am not very good at it. i don't know why
i like to go to the ocean when i cook
i am also a bit of a chef. i have been trying new things. you?
yeah, i have been driving for about a year now. how about you?
no, he left it at the docks.
i am good. just listening to britney spears. you?
i am good. just listening to britney spears.
i am not much into sports. i do enjoy listening to britney spears though.
that is a great band too
britney spears, i love her music.
i work for a company that supplies for doctors.
i spend a lot of money. i have a diet. i am very strict about it
what do you do for a living?
yes! i love them! do you like sports?
mine is black. do you like sports?
i am sorry, do you have any hobbies?
that is not fun. i have been married for 20 years.
oh, cool. i am married to a woman and i love sports!
wow that is great. i don't eat meat.
what do you do for fun
i am good how are you
i would love to go to the beach with my wife and kids.
i have two boys, ages 6 and 8
i am the only child.
no, not really, just to go to the beach and play board games.
no, they are a rock group.
yeah i am a teacher and i have to be careful with kids.
that sounds like a great combo.
hey there! how are you?
sorry to hear that. i have been in a lot of relationships recently.
that is funny! i like him too. i also enjoy volunteering at the local homeless shelter.
that is awesome! i like fish. i don't have a lot of time though.
i don't. i like volunteering at a shelter.
do you work out? i do, but not as much as i should
that is cool. i like to work out.
i would love to do that. do you like volunteering there?
i am great. what do you do for fun?
me too. i am a waitress and i am tired
i am doing well, thank you. do you have any hobbies?
i am a waitress, but i don't have any big brown eyes.
that sounds fun. i don't have many friends.
i like country music and i like the band the lumineers.
i am, but not one of those crazy people.
i am going to be a teacher. what do you do?
i like both. i prefer to be in the country
i am not a fan of animals but i love my dog.
no they don't. my dad drives a car for nascar.
i don't have a tv. i work for the postal service.
i am a postal worker.
a big truck that is not fast
no i don't. do you?
i love country music, my dad used to drive a car for nascar
i am great how are you?
what kind of dogs do you have?
i have two sisters and two brothers.
that sounds nice i would love to take my dog for a walk.
i have three sisters.
we are close. we are all in college together
no. i don't like watching sports. i am too busy.
i like to walk outside and garden
what kind of car do you drive?
i teach kindergarten. i am a teacher, and love teaching.
a golden retriever. i also garden.
that is awesome. i like to garden. what do you do?
i am not sure i would be able to do that
oh cool. my dog and i are going to go to the farmers market.
i do, but i don't have time to go to stores very often.
nice talking to you too
i am getting married in a few months, i have been married a long time.
i don't play video games much
i am a fan of the taylor swift song
that sounds like fun. what else do you do?
i am going to have a steak for dinner, my favorite.
i love her so much, i am going to marry her in spring
what do you like to do for fun?
hey, i am not sure either.
yes! i have been meaning to read it. do you have any?
i am a ford guy myself. i have a ford f150 and a ford focus.
cake?! that sounds amazing. i am more of a doughnut person
i am in the army. what branch?
oh wow! i love the insane clown posse. do you have any hobbies?
i am a nurse at the hospital. i am a part time nurse
i like to do that too. do you like ford cars?
that is cool i play video games
that is so sad. what do you like to do for fun
my dad worked as a pastor, i am a stay at home dad.
i work in the human services department
i am a dad, so i help people.
it is a good job, but i would rather work in the human services field.
i love the color purple.
i love watching horror movies. my dad used to work at home depot.
i don't have a job, but i love wine in the evening.
no, they are just a bunch of kids, but i have five of them
what are you studying? i am a coach for little league.
that sounds interesting. i have 5 sons, so i don't drink much wine.
do you work? i don't. i am a full time student.
i understand. i have a mini van. it is stable.
i don't like kayaking. i don't like to drink alcohol either.
what do you do for a living?
that is nice. what do you do?
what kind of music do you play?
nice! do you have any other interests?
my mom is very supportive but my dad does not care.
cool. do you have a job?
i am a musician and i make a lot of money.
what is your favorite music?
i love to study spanish. what else do you enjoy?
hi. yes, please. i am a bee farmer. what do you do?
i do! my family is very close to me. do you have any hobbies?
i am in the business of beekeeping.
yeah i love them
yes i do. i have a dog. his name is george
that is cool, i love animals
i love to go out on my farm with my honeybees and eat them
i listen to rock music
i am good. how about yourself?
i am studying to be a computer programmer.
yeah i work as a swim coach at my local pool.
oh. i like the eighties music too
yes, i have two cats. do you have a hobby?
awesome! i am studying to be a computer programmer.
my parents are from india so we don't have pets.
i am not sure. i don't listen to much music. i am a swimmer.
that is too bad. i work construction and i am a wreck
that is a long time
oh, that is very sad. i am sorry.
oh. i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i don't like gum.
that is cool. i have never been to a circus.
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure you are a better person now.
that sounds terrible! i am a construction worker, so i am used to it.
i am a gardener. i love to keep my hands busy.
that is cool i am a gardener
oh that is awesome! my dad keeps threatening to set me up on blind dates.
they sure do. i love gardening.
yes they do, i have a lot of trauma
no, i am just terrified of them.
it does, my father has been trying to get me on a few dates.
i am good. how are you?
great. just got off work at the life coach store.
i am glad my parents are still around to support me.
that is awesome! i hope i can be a cancer survivor
i love animals! i have 2 dogs, they are my babies.
i am not a huge fan of blue, i am more into red
i like the color green
i am a life coach for kids. i am hoping to get a job soon.
i am doing great. how are you?
i am only 60 years old. i am not that old yet.
that is great. i am a librarian.
i like to go to spain. i have been there many times, but not in my lifetime.
oh, i am sure that is great. i have been there before.
i have two kids. how about you?
no i am not looking. i am not a librarian
i have been to spain once. i was there in the early nineties.
its going good just got back from disney
they have lots of fun there!
that is so cute! i love to sing to my friends at disneyland.
its a lot of fun, but i prefer singing
my mom is not around. she lives with my brother and i.
i love to go there.
i like singing songs from the movie frozen, do you like it?
i like to read and travel, what do you like to do
wow!! that is amazing. i am a librarian, so i am very busy
yes, i love them. i am retired so i don't have many free time.
my dog is a german shepherd too. he is a rescue.
that is awesome. i am retired so i can relax.
my cat would not like that, but my dogs would.
i like reading, going to the library, going to concerts, reading, etc.
yes i am a librarian at a local library
sure! i love playing with other kids. do you like social media?
do you have a social media account?
i surf and go to the beach.
no, i don't go there. i don't think i could handle that.
yes i have them on my roof. do you have any hobbies
that is great, i like to shop for my family and friends.
you should, it will help you get back into social media.
i would love to. i have been on the internet a lot lately, i love social media.
i am good, how about you
i love to work on cars
nice, i like to work with cars. what kind of car do you have?
i am a carpenter. what do you do?
that is cool i have a dog
my two dogs are names. what kind of car are you looking at?
wow that is a lot
it can be. what do you do for fun?
yes! i want to be a dog!
oh wow! what kind of surgery?
a poodle named tiki, she is my best friend.
yes i am, i am four
that is awesome! do you have any pets?
i love them! my mom has them for me
i love watching cartoons. my favorite show is tom and jerry.
chase is a good show, i like to sing when i watch it
hello, i am watching a little bit of tv.
blue is nice! what do you do for work?
i have never heard of that
i am too. i spend a lot of time on cars.
oh i have not seen that one.
you are still vegetarian? that is cool. i like to socialize
i understand that. i have been working from home most of the day.
no i just like cars a lot
yes, i do. i am very passionate about cars.
i am good. what is your favorite color?
do you like art at all?
that is so sweet of her
i am sure you are not the only one. i fantasize about taking over the world
i am. i wish my husband was not so stubborn.
i have never tried that, do you like to shop?
i have a lot of family in florida. do you live in florida?
i like to bake, but i would like to take over the world.
i am sorry to hear that!
cool. my mom is here too. i walk three miles everyday to get to work.
oh, i am so sorry. my mom was in a car accident when i was a kid.
i love animals, i walk a lot.
i have seen that one. i love it.
that is cool. do you like to read books?
oh i see, that is cool, i love to read a book
that is smart. you should read a book
good, thanks. how about you?
oh cool! i am studying to be a physical therapist.
i like to run and get to know others
i am a physical therapist and love to ride my horse.
i like all types, what is your favorite?
no, not like horse racing.
i don't know about that. i am in high school
that is cool do you work
i am good, i am 40 and my wife is 40.
i am a car salesman
that is great, i work as a car salesman. i love it
that is great i am a car salesman
i am a car salesman. i hate my job, too! i am going to divorce.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a car salesman.
do you have any hobbies?
i am doing well, how are you?
i love country! i love rita hayworth, she is my all time favorite.
i like to sing and i like to go to national parks when i am free
i am a country singer so i don't eat meat
i am a country singer so i don't have that problem!
not really i am just a country singer
well you will learn something new each time you listen
i love them. what do you do for a living?
oh that sounds great! i am a buddhist and i love salsa
what kind of music do you like?
i am an old soul. i am a buddhist.
i think you will. i am a buddhist.
lol. what do you do for a living?
i can see them. i am a buddhist.
that sounds like fun! i am not much of a light person. i am more into meditation.
hi, i just got back from a long run. how about you?
i don't eat bread. i do enjoy some shawarmas
that is nice. i did not finish high school
i love hockey, i play in the baltimore orioles.
my grandpa was in the us army.
i don't do much, i am in the army.
i don't know what to say to that.
i did not get enough protein, which is my main weakness.
i am doing great, just relaxing with my dog. you?
what do you like to do in your free time?
i understand. my parents are the same way
oh, wow. i am married and have a dog.
yes i did i play tennis in high school. what is your profession?
well, you can be smarter. do you have any pets?
that is sad. my wife is a doctor and i play tennis.
why don't you like them? i love my husband and his wife.
what do you do for a living?
you should try it. i love it
hi, i am great. what are you doing?
i just got off work from a car dealership
i am in the midwest and you?
ohio is a good place to be for the outdoors.
oh i see. my wife works at a car dealership.
no she is a jerk
i am not a fan of my job either.
what are you doing today?
wow, that is old, how old is your sister?
that is cool, do you have a favorite color?
that sounds nice. i love to read. i am a christian myself.
yes. i love camping. my sister is going to be my sister pole dancer.
i cook well. i love cooking!
what do you like to do in nature?
my sister does too. she is a pole dancer.
i like to crochet also.
i am well. just hanging out with my mom.
i have no idea i just don't understand.
i am not allowed to tell you what mine is
it is fun to do, i like to make it stop when i am sad.
yes i can. i have been there before.
i am very lonely. i live on the cloud.
oh that is cool i am a teacher too.
i am 32, i wish i was younger.
great, just listening to some music. you?
it is. my favorite band is the rolling stones.
that is a good idea, what do you do for a living
sure, i will be in my red shirt.
i have a couple of those, but they are a bit too expensive.
i love music and video games
oh, i love rock too. what do you do for work?
lol, i am just kidding. what is your favorite thing to do?
no. i am a busy person. i work with my dolls.
oh wow that is awesome! what do you do for fun?
that is sad. how long have you been together?
i have a cat named kiki. what about you?
his name is tupac, what is yours?
cool, i have a pet turtle, he is a big goof
i love blue, i have a pet turtle, he is so cute
my favorite is the blue one
i am good. what is up?
well, my mom and dad are both in the music industry, so i guess that was a success!
it is a class for dogs
oh no! i am a bookstore clerk.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a dancer.
i hope that is not true.
oh no i am not. i am a bookstore clerk. i dance a lot
what is your favorite fragrance?
hello there. i am 19 and i cannot wait to move out!
i want to go to a burger king
do you like to have fun with your pets?
that is nice. do you have a part time job? i am 19.
i am 19... i don't drink.
oh cool, i just got home from work.
i don't know what you do for a living
my parents are not letting me have any fun
i am great. just finished a marathon
that is good to hear. what is your favorite food?
i like to read as well. i am currently working on a new book
oh that is sad! what do you do now?
what do you do for fun?
what do you do for fun?
yes, but it is a good exercise for your health.
you are right. do you have a favorite food?
hello. i am sarah and i am 13 years old.
i have a friend who does that to my dolls, it makes me angry
i am a soccer player. i am in the soccer team.
that is not good. i am 13 and i have no problems
that sounds fun. my brother is older than me and he plays soccer
you are so funny i like you so much
no i don't, i am too young
that is cute, do you like math class?
i like to play call of duty
i speak spanish. my favorite band is insane clown posse
no, i don't speak spanish.
its black. i have a lot of friends that play.
cool! i am a fan of the clown posse!!
wow that is awesome i love pink
do you have a job?
i did not, i am a huge fan of donuts
i am doing well. i am in high school. what about you?
that sounds like a good way to spend time
no, i am just a student, so i have a lot of free time.
yes i am going to college to be a physical therapist.
i am in high school, so i have a lot of time to study.
i have to be in school for that.
i have a lot of money and i am a student.
haha! i like burgers and fries. do you run?
i don't. i don't have time to play with my three sisters.
i enjoy cooking and baking.
yes i do. i have a cat named tupac and a dog named bongo.
i have a dog. he is my best friend.
that is funny. do you have a dog or two?
i have 3 sisters, i think i will get a cat.
that would be so cool. i have a dog, but he is not very good at chess
hi i am doing ok. i am a little tired from the long work week. you?
that is not good. i only drink water because i am in a single parent house
i am a big book worm and i like to read
oh, i have never seen a robot in person. i do like to read.
wow, that is awesome! i am not very good at playing video games, but that is cool!
that is awesome! i only watch tv and movies, but i love books!
do you have any hobbies?
do you have any hobbies?
good! i love to cook paella. how about you?
yes i do, but my favorite food is paella
i love dogs, my favorite food is paella.
what are you teaching? i am a art major.
i am studying for my art classes. i love to cook
they don't. i love cooking paella and fish. you like to travel?
i love to eat fish and chips, do you like fish?
i like to cook, but i like to visit europe more.
good. just got back from a run, you?
cool. i am married, but i do like running.
no i don't. i am married to a vegetarian and have no pets.
no. i am not married, but i love my fiance.
i am a girl, but my husband is a boy
i work as a nurse.
that is nice. my husband is a lawyer. he is a vegetarian.
i love animals too, i am a vegetarian so i don't eat them.
i am good how are you
baking cookies. you?
i have been baking a lot lately.
i have a golden retriever
that is cool. i am getting a dog for halloween.
that is cool. i am a baker.
i work at the county fair.
i am a baker. my passion is cooking.
hi, i am good and how are you doing?
oh that is cool. what do you like to eat?
it was. but i am very healthy and in good shape.
no, but i am a cancer survivor so i don't need them
that is a shame. i am a clean eater and i am very athletic.
i bet. i am glad to hear you are doing well.
yeah that is true. i am sure you have a good life
i don't eat as healthy as i should.
hi i love to travel and read. i am going to be a business major next year
you can have mine. i will go to business school.
i am, i just graduated with a bmw
my parents are not very wealthy, so not much.
they are. i don't have any pets but i am a banker.
no, i just don't like animals. my parents are wealthy.
i like jokes! i have a funny story about a dog.
i am good. how are you?
oh that sounds scary. what do you do?
i love the store. what do you like to do?
that is so sweet. i am sorry to hear that.
that is great, i am sure she will like it.
i agree, i was scared of clowns when i was a kid but now i love them
well, i have a lot of friends and they help me out
wow!! that is amazing. do you like to travel?
i have never been on facebook. what do you do on your free time?
not really. i like to play chess and go to the gym.
two dogs, they keep me busy.
i am single and with two dogs.
i have been single for a few years. what do you do for a living?
what city are you from?
yes i love it. i also have two dogs and a cat
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
yeah, i am a little lost myself.
i wish he did, i have three sisters and three brothers
that is great. i live in alabama.
wow that is tall. i live in alabama.
i have never tried. i am more of a cat person
me too! my brother and i love them together.
i am a violin player.
yes! i am a violinist and a guitar player.
i have to pay the electric bill, i am an electrician
oh nice! i play piano. i love it!
it is very rewarding. do you like music?
yes! i have a big violin collection too! i play the guitar and the violin.
i play the guitar. my father is an electrician, but he does not play.
i am good. how are you?
no, just the one. i am a little lonely.
i know what they are. i am a little girl, i am a little crazy
i like to make time stop. i live in a small town.
i can fly. i have a lot of superpowers.
i wish, but i don't know if i can.
i would like to be a super hero
i love to shop. i also love watching clouds.
hi! i am a gym rat. i love to do the treadmill.
i am in california. i have two dogs and a treadmill.
triplets are awesome. i like to do the rowing machine.
i like to go to the gym when i am bored
what grade level do you teach?
i am bored of the treadmill and rowing machine
i do too, but my hair is so short it does not reach my waist
what happened in it?
it was, but we were lucky to escape without any injuries
i have a black lab. he is a trooper.
yeah, they are very cool. i am a mechanic.
what do you do for a living?
yeah. but my black lab loves the outdoors.
it is my passion. what else do you do?
that is cool! i like to go to rock climbing in the spring
i love my black lab. what kind of truck do you have?
wow that is nice i am a nurse at home
i am so sorry to hear that.
oh, you were in the cia?
yes, but i have a hard time seeing it in the world.
that is what i thought. i just don't like my life
that is true. i also believe in ghosts
i know but i am not happy with it
yes, it is. i have to work hard for it though
i am doing good. how are you?
i am a professional dance competitor.
i am in college. i compete in a few competitions.
oh that sucks. i have a job at a dog clinic.
i bet you will be happier when you get out of here
i am going to dance on the weekends to the beat of orange!!
yes, video games, and i also compete in a dance competition on the weekends
cool. what do you like to do in your free time?
good, just finished rollercoasting and sky diving.
i am not a big fan of dogs, but i like to swim and sky dive.
oh i am sorry. do you like it there?
that is nice. i am a good swimmer, but i don't do much.
i like cooking shows, and sky diving. do you have a favorite show?
i have been to one before. it is pretty awesome!
oh that is terrible. do you swim often
lol. i love baseball. i am a huge fan of the cubs.
hi! i am doing great! i am from new york. you?
cool. i am a tour guide for the local library here.
i like to drink tea and eat fancy tea.
single and i am a teacher, what about you?
i am also blind, so i cannot read at all
that is cool. i drink a lot of tea, especially green tea.
i am a tour guide so i don't have time for that.
i bet you have been. do you like tea? i drink it a lot.
that sounds amazing. what kind of food do you like?
my dad drove a car, but he drove for nascar.
that is a good one, my dad drives a car for nascar.
i am a postal worker and i hate it!
oh no! that is terrible!
oh. my dad is a postal worker. he is a big red fan.
i don't, i am a postal service employee.
oh that is a nice one.
i am great. just got off work from a librarian job.
that is nice i like to travel a lot
wow, i am a librarian, so i am not sure what you do for work.
that sounds like fun! i love reading.
i have been to spain many times
i am glad to have you with us.
do you know if there is a good place to learn about spain?
you will not be disappointed. i am also a librarian so i know the feeling.
i live in california, how about you?
dancing is fun. i don't pick my toys up.
i don't think my best friend lives in somalia.
i am in canada. my best friend is in canada.
i don't have any. i don't pick up my dolls.
oh.. that is interesting. i love my pets.
what else do you like to do for fun
i hope so, my boyfriend and i are going to have a party
i am well. how are you?
i have been a buddhist for over 20 years.
that sounds very painful
that is interesting. what is your spirituality? i am a buddhist.
i am an alaska boy, but i am a buddhist
i am a buddhist. i have been studying it for years.
no, i am in alaska
it is beautiful here, but i would love to go to a different state
hello, it is going good, how about yourself?
what kind of dog do you have
that is cool. i walk to disneyland sometimes, but my favorite thing to do is to read books
that is great. i spend most of my time walking my three miles home every sunday
i am a waitress at a diner. i love to read books.
that is nice. i spend my evening reading books and walking.
that is nice, i have been to the canada area once.
it is! i love to go on walks with my family.
i don't believe in god.
i don't believe in facebook.
yeah. i spend a lot of time on facebook.
oh, i don't have kids yet, so that is not a big deal for me
i don't believe in god. i am a stay at home mom.
i don't have the money to go.
it does, but i am dissatisfied with it. i am looking for a change
yes i hope so. i am a stay at home mom.
i grew up on a farm in alabama. how about you?
yes. i was on some medication for my broken arm but not for my skateboard.
i have a broken arm. it was not fun.
yes, he drinks a lot, and does not like to share it with anyone.
yes they are. i am also a skateboarder. i have broken my arm
yeah, i live in the country.
not really. i like to wear a hat
yes, it is. what else do you like?
hi! i am jake. i love the gym.
i work out, but don't have time for it.
i am a gym rat, i love to go there and work out.
i love to run and row and do the treadmill
i do. i have a lot of hair to work with.
well, i am not sure really. maybe the gym. do you have a hobby?
yes, it has been. i don't have a lot of money but i am still happy.
i love brittany spears! she is a great singer
i have a lot of money. i used to have a farm.
i have a lot of medications i need.
i am not much into shopping, i am more into my hobby of taking medications
i don't know how i would do that
that sounds fun. i don't party much, but i do have many medications.
i love to sleep in too and eat brunch.
hi, i am good, just relaxing with my kids. you?
that is a good idea. what else do you like?
i do. i love playing basketball. i play in a professional league.
oh wow. i love dogs. i have a studio.
i am 44. how old are you?
i do a lot of housework for my parents.
i try to live up to the high standards of a professional singer
thank you for your kind words!
i am good, just got back from playing pobox.
i am 12. what do you do for work?
yes, i do. my mom and dad are both redheads, they are my favorite
i am from texas. i have a lot of friends here in texas.
i like to eat it too, but i am more of a meat eater.
i don't eat meat. i don't eat any food
well, i like to play pobox and watch tv. you?
i am a vegetarian so i cannot eat meat
i am doing good. i am eating my favorite dessert. i like ice cream
i like country music, so i will be there.
scarves? i love old school hip hop. i love to dance
i like dancing. i like hip hop too.
i am only 46, but my husband is 77.
yes they were, i also have a love for old school hip hop
i like to play with my lite brite
i don't. i am a little old to have a pet
i am good. just finished listening to some rap music. what about you?
that is great, i am listening to music.
i like to drive my car
i am sorry, i don't know much about you
i am a musician. i produce music for the local radio stations.
oh i see. i am trying to lose weight. i am a bit overweight.
i understand. what kind of music do you like?
that is why i like rap music, it has lots of toppings.
not much. just got back from a nice hike. you?
it was very interesting. i had a lot of fun.
i have a degree in finance.
i am in ny, but i am in the midwest.
yes, that is very true. i hope it gets better for you.
do you have any hobbies?
that is a good car, i like the mustangs
well, i am sure it is going to be some kind of car.
oh, i know, but it was so long ago
bitcoin will be great. i have been thinking of investing in it.
i know they will try. i am not going to give them my degree
do you have any hobbies?
i am good, how are you?
i am in florida, its hot here too
no i am a stay at home mom.
i like to build houses.
i am not a big hunter, but i do like to hunt cats.
i like to build houses and enjoy the outdoors. i also like cats.
tacos are good, but i like to make my own
i don't. i work on houses. i am a builder.
hi jeff, i am bob. what is your name?
i have a bike i use to ride when i am off duty.
i do too. i am a christian and i don't like pink.
well, i am drunk. i am a christian.
i don't work, i just like to dance to classical music
oh, wow. that is cool.
what do you mean by that?
i don't think i have ever heard of that.
hi! my night is good. i just finished a book by my mom.
i love listening to music!
i love the camp out. i am studying for my psychology degree.
i have been kayaking since i was 4. its been great
i am a graduate student, so i don't have time for hip hop.
well, i am an environmental science major.
that is cool, i will bring my book. i read a lot.
that is good to hear! i am also a graduate student, so i am always learning!
i am in california, i am in the suburbs
yes, i like it. i love to go for walks.
i don't have any pets. i am too busy with my husband.
i am a stay at home mom. i have been married for 10 years.
i like to take walks and listen to music
i like to go to the movies. what do you like to do?
anything with meat. i love meat. do you like to shop?
i love to play with my cat and dog. i love french fries too
i am good. i have a little girl and a step child.
cool. i am just working on my first home.
i love to play that.
i have a step child. triplets! that is cool
i would too! i am in the city as well, but it is so nice here.
city. i just moved into a new place.
no, i am still living at home with my parents
yes i am busy and i love kids
i don't have any house but i do have motorbike
i don't have any superpowers but i am pretty good at racing. you?
yes i do, it is very bright red
do you race? i do
oh, i thought you were male.
i like to ride my bike, its my only way to travel
i am not sure, but i am not really fast
that is too bad. do you like to travel?
i am 25. i have been playing the piano since i was ten.
i am a piano teacher
that is great. my dad played the violin professionally.
oh my! what is your favorite song?
oh, i am a piano teacher. i am a bit of a hippie.
thank you. i will try. i am a piano teacher.
do you like to play any instruments?
that is awesome. my father played the violin. he is retired now.
hi danny! i am jim. i like running.
i don't like chocolate candy but i love rowing machines
i like singing too, but i prefer the gym.
oh... i am not good at singing. i am not good at anything.
her name is oreo. she is my little buddy
i love dogs. my two dogs and i have a dog together
yes i like to sing
oh, you sing in a band?
i am not much of a foodie
i work at the bookstore, so i get plenty of food
it is not expensive. i have a lot of friends and family.
i like bars too. i like the colors orange and black
oh, i don't care about fashion. i like to dance though.
i have not been to my best friend. i am not into fashion.
his name is bobby. i don't have any other pets.
thank you so much, she is my baby and i love her
great, thanks. what about you?
i am in school too. i am a tour guide at the local museum.
i am only in my second year of college
i am a tour guide at the museum.
i have a big library at home so i have lots of friends.
you are not alone! i have a big library.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i like a lot of tea
i am a professional tennis player
i have a job as a doctor. do you like tennis?
i am not vegan either, but i love my wife.
i have been married for 10 years, and my husband is a doctor.
i am not sure i have not told her.
what do you do for work
i have a horse and i love to ride my dog
do you like tennis?
i am doing well. how are you?
i love math and history. you?
yeah i play softball and i love to play with my dolls
my school team
oh that is cool i am a student
oh, cool. i am a student, and i hate school.
i am 12 and i don't know how to do anything.
i like the color of red hair and the color of blue eyes.
i am good! how are you?
i am going to be a museum tour guide, so i am going to read books about different cultures.
oh that is horrible, i am sorry to hear that.
that is good, what kind of career do you want to get into?
oh okay. do you have any hobbies?
i am trying to get better at it, but it is hard to find a job.
i am not a fan of it, but i am into the occasional drink
good and how about you?
oh, i don't have a job. i just don't have time.
i have never driven a truck. i am more of a buddhist.
a truck, i love driving, you?
that is cool! i don't have any cars, i live in alaska.
i am a buddhist and have visited alaska many times. you?
i am a buddhist, and i don't like animals.
that is so sweet. i am a buddhist so that is cool
its great. i love being in nature
it sure is, i love it
i love pizza! i love the pizza place near my home.
i am a pro wrestler
that is cool. i do the same thing.
cool! i have been working out a lot, i do it twice a week.
i want to be a famous professional wrestler like my dad. what are your dreams?
it was a long time ago.
oh, i bet that sucks. i work in it and have a family.
i work at a local bank, and i don't make enough money
i have two boys.
that sounds relaxing, i am more of a sports person
i am a stay at home mom. how about you?
what do you do for a living? i work as a contractor for a large company.
they love my kids and my dogs
hi kim! i am a student too! i just finished my dance class.
no. i am a dancer. i do dance lessons once a week though.
i am so jealous. my favorite thing to do is dance
mine is blue. i don't have a favorite color.
i love the color pink. what do you like to eat?
i don't like blue eyes. i am not a fan of green.
i am going to play some old school hip hop
what is your favorite food? i love old school hip hop.
i love raw veggies! i also eat a lot of candy
that is awesome. i have a big brother who is in high school.
i am in school too. i just started. i am a junior.
i am not into rock, my brother is older than me and we don't like music.
i am 13 and i love math.
that is cool. i have a brother who is a senior in high school
i know. it is hard for me though, i am 13.
hello! i am doing good. just got done working. you?
no you are a girl
i am a girl and i have to have a surgery to be able to move.
it was. i am glad i have not had to deal with that before.
haha!! i have to agree. i am a boy too!
that is very cool. i am a boy.
thank you. it is nice to have a family again.
oh wow. i am sorry to hear that.
that is good, do you have any hobbies?
that is good. i have never seen a car like that.
i am a little kid, i like to be alone.
i am 14 years old. you?
oh no, i bet you are not alone
i bet they would like to meet your car
that is cool. i am not into cars, i don't drive them.
i am good how are you?
yes it is. i love kids
yes. i am a stay at home dad, so we are both pretty busy.
i live in the usa. do you like horror movies? i love them.
i don't like cities. i love the countryside and nature
i have been a home owner since i was in school.
horror movies. i like them too
oh that sounds nice. i work at the home depot
i wish i could retire but i am a professional tennis player.
i play tennis professionally, i am an amazing tennis player
i have never played tennis
i don't like cold either. i live in a 3 story house
i live in a 3x3 house, so i have to walk a lot to keep my joints healthy.
yeah but i live in a small city
they are my favorite. i am a tennis player.
yeah, i am trying to. i don't know how though.
i am great how are you
me too! my parents are rich and i am trying to get my degree.
that is awesome! my parents are very wealthy.
i am. i graduated in 2011, and my parents are very wealthy.
i like to go to the gym and study finance.
i love pink. what color is yours?
oh ok. i am a bank teller, but i am not rich either. i graduated with a finance degree.
i like to play sports and watch movies
watching tv. i am not a big tv person.
yes, i will see her. do you have a family?
i will drink my wine and dance. i am a strong woman.
i will remember that. i will be 100 when i do.
i don't think i am 100 years old. i do have a lot of strength though.
i love wine and dance. i am not old, but i am old.
i drink wine with my mom.
that sounds fun. i am an engineer.
that sounds like a fun age. what do you do for work?
i do. i love the new kids on the block.
i am a scientist. i am an engineer. i am in colorado. you?
that is great! i am a mechanic. what do you do?
what do you like to do in your spare time
i am in colorado. i have a lab.
i am an engineer and i am in colorado.
hello! i am from cali!
you should come visit sometime, i am sure there is plenty of room.
i don't have time for toys. i am a high maintenance person.
oh, that sounds like a fun job. i don't have any children.
that sounds delicious. i don't like eating meat, but i am very healthy.
i love shawarma! i don't have much money though. i am very high maintenance.
that is a lot of caviar
he is not my boyfriend, he is a cop.
no i just love the cold and how it feels on a cold day
i have a dog that is a pet. do you have any animals?
that sounds like fun, what else do you do?
that is awesome. i like to grow the papaya that i eat.
i am sorry, i don't have any relatives in italy
i love italian food. i love the pizza
i love sports. what do you do?
yes. i am a huge fan of italy.
i do! she is great.
i make enough to pay for my food
i love traveling. i just love cooking.
i like anything with a little spice and meat.
i am a vegan, so i am pretty good at drawing it
no. i am more into food though. what about you?
i don't think so. what is that?
i do. i love it. what do you do?
yeah, it is nice. do you have any hobbies?
i understand that. i am in a very difficult time
i understand that. my family does not really support me either
meditation is a great way to unwind.
that is cool. i love to shop, especially for shoes and watches.
i love to shop. i am a watch dealer
wow. i am not sure what that is but sounds scary.
i don't drive, i have a lite brite. what is your favorite car?
it was a ford model.
i don't. do you?
that is a great idea! what is your favorite color?
that is a great profession. i like to dance
i like to take lessons. do you have any kids?
what do you do now?
i am good how are you
what are your hobbies?
i like to walk my dog.
oh cool, i am not a fan of music, i prefer to walk my dog.
it is not hard, just takes practice.
my family is always growing, so its always good to get out and walk.
i agree with you. my family is always growing and i have to be careful.
i love the boys. do you have any hobbies?
i am great! i just got home from college!
i am not a big wine fan. i would rather have a chicken salad.
i have an apartment. do you work?
no, i don't drink tea.
that would be awesome. i have blonde hair and blue eyes.
that is cool, what do you like to do for fun?
yes, i work as a nurse at a hospital.
no not really. do you like music?
that is great. i am a professional wrestler
oh, you are a professional wrestler?
not as dangerous as it sounds. i do volunteer work at the homeless shelter
you should try to find a job you love
oh that is a good thing.
oh that sounds good. i love fish.
well, i love to volunteer at the local homeless shelter.
i am good how are you?
no, but i have a wife and three children.
i would if i knew how. i am a plumber
maybe i will. my kids would not mind.
oh. i love chocolate ice cream. what kind do you like?
yes. i live in new york. do you have kids?
oh wow. that is awesome. what do you do for fun?
i am a plumber so they are a lot more interesting to me
good, just listening to britney spears
i am trying to keep my weight down... i have a diet...
what do you do for a living?
i am a nurse and a dentist.
yes, i have 3 boys and 2 girls
that is nice, what do you do for fun
thanks. i will need it
good, how are you?
i am from florida, but live in florida. i have a house here.
i have my own home in florida.
i am a man of few words, but i am also a man of many houses.
i don't watch sports. i don't know if i could handle that much alcohol
i have never been there. i am not very sociable.
i like it, but i don't have a lot of time for it.
i like sports too
oh that sounds fun! what kind of bees do you keep?
i am a bit of a knitter. i have a passion for knitting.
i have to eat it sometimes but it is so tasty.
that is sad to hear, maybe she is still out of the loop.
sure i am not scared of dying either.
i am not sure if i want to know or not.
thanks. maybe i should make some for you.
that is nice i am a kindergarten teacher.
i like the outdoors, but i like to cook with friends.
i am 24, i have a lot of free time
that is great. i like to eat out with friends.
yes but i am still learning
kayak? kayak? i am a kindergarten teacher.
i love her too. i have a wedding coming up.
i am great. just finished working at a restaurant. how are you?
i do a lot of cardio, so that helps me stay in shape.
that sounds like a lot of fun.
no i am 19
yeah, it is. my parents are not very supportive. they are always watching me
i am short, blonde, and blue eyes. you?
i am. i just want to have fun. do you have any hobbies?
what kind of things do you like?
i am ok, i am just in a bad place. i feel old.
you can be bitter about everything.
i am not a good salesman but i do like to be with my family
i am 32. my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow
yes. i don't like the internet.
yeah i have a mac
i am sure. what are you going to do?
what do you do for a living?
you sound very unique. i am a kid.
what do you study
that is great. i am in the third grade so maybe i will see you there
that is great! my favorite movie is frozen, so i am excited
that is a shame, i love chicken. do you like movies?
oh wow. do you have any pets? i love dogs
it is. what is your favorite color?
i am not much of a kid but i do love to watch movies
i am well. how are you?
i love french fries, but they are so gross.
my hair is pretty short, but i am still in high school.
me too. i am a big fan of french fries.
i like to eat french fries
yes! it is my favorite! i also like eating french fries and hamburgers
i am a girl, i am a house wife.
i am a waitress. what do you like to do in your free time?
that is awesome. i love to go to europe. i have a big beard
i like to cook paella. i love to ride my motorbike to work.
yes, i do. its a food from spain.
it is not very tasty but it is fun to try and make
i have to get a new helmet. it is shiny and looks bad.
i know what you mean, but i have to protect my head.
i have a helmet that is shiny, and it is my main transportation.
hi i am good how are you
i am a mechanic, what do you do?
what do you do for work? i am employed by the postal service.
that is awesome, i am a postal service employee. what do you do for fun?
that would be nice. i am terrified of spiders.
that is why i work for the postal service. i am so grateful.
my father was in the postal service so i am not sure if i would enjoy that
no, there is still a few here and there. do you work?
that is nice i am not close with any family
i am a bee farmer and have honeybees
i live in california. i am married to a super model from italy
i do, but i have never been gymnast.
no, i don't have to worry about them.
i am a farmer and i love to be outdoors, you are brave.
yes, i sell it to the bees
oh that sounds great i am sure you will make a lot of money
i am doing well. how about you?
i am retired and watch old documentaries
watching war documentaries and playing video games
no pets. i am a retired teacher. what do you do?
that is great, i have 2 dogs too. do you like them?
it is, but i think it is true
i love it! do you have any hobbies?
i am a huge fan of country! what kind of music do you like?
i am doing great, how about you?
i don't. is it a video game?
i love dogs, i have 3
i have three dogs, and they keep me very busy
it is fun. do you have any pets?
what do you do for work?
it really is. i am a door to door salesman. what do you do?
yes i have 3 dogs and they help me sell doors
i am great how are you
sounds nice! i am just looking for a job right now
that is awesome, i have a sister who is currently looking for work
i like to play basketball. you?
i don't know, he does not tell me about the kid
i agree, she is more beautiful
do you work? i have a restaurant job but i want to start a restaurant
i am currently looking for a job at a restaurant
hi, i am great! how are you?
i just got my first home and am very excited!
you will be fine. i am sure they will be fine too.
thank you. i have been looking to buy my first home.
boys. i am expecting twins in two months.
i don't like looking at the internet, it makes me feel like i am living in the twilight zone.
do you go to church often?
i don't use social media much, but i am expecting twins in 2 months.
i am doing ok. how about you?
that sounds great! i will bring my dog.
i am very athletic. my parents both were.
yes, i love it. do you work?
yes i love volunteering and helping people
i am going to try to go there. my parents both were athletes.
they help me with my diet
they are athletes and have been in the pro league for many years.
hi johnny, i am doing well. i am a baker. i love baking
i love to bake cookies
oh no, i don't have a dog but i do love knitting.
no, i am allergic to chocolate
his name is jimmy, he is the most loyal pet
that is a cute name for a cat
oh wow, that is a long time
i have a black lab. he is my baby.
i am an engineer
i like country, i don't really have a favorite genre.
no. i don't like driving. i do like to rock climb though
that is cool. i am a lab technician, so i spend a lot of time outside.
he is called trooper. what is yours?
yes he saved me, he is a good man
yes, i am. i live in colorado. what about you?
i am great! i am so excited for my first child!
i do enjoy it. what do you do for a living?
oh, congratulations! i am a new pa.
oh ok. my husband just graduated from pennsylvania.
congratulations! what are they names?
no worries, i understand! do you like movies?
same to you, thanks for chatting with me!
hello, i am on facebook too. what is your job?
that is cool. i am from a small town.
oh, i am sorry to hear that.
that sounds awful. i am sorry you feel that way. i hope you feel better soon.
i am sure it is. i have a lot of faith in myself.
that is great! my parents have been raising me since i was a baby.
what kind of work do you do?
i do, i have 3 of them, and they are all rescues.
hi! i am doing good. i just got home from work with my two dogs.
i am single too, with 2 dogs.
wow that is a lot older. i am in my thirties and have not drank alcohol yet
wow! i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
i am sorry to hear that. do you like chess? i love it!
oh, that is great. what kind of music do you play?
wow, i am in my twenties. i am single and have 2 dogs
i am good. i have been watching a little bird watching with my cat.
i know i should have said i am too old to say
oh wow. i have been to canada a few times.
i am in my 20s.
wow, that is amazing! i am a activist for animals
i have a volvo too. i am an activist. i am a activist for animals
i do have cats. i have a lot of them.
they are so cute. i am only 44.
good day. i am well, how are you?
i like to play video games. my weakness is ice cream.
yes, we have two kids.
i have a cat and two cats
oh my! that is horrible. i have 2 cats and they like to do that.
that is a lot of sweaters! i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
i am a professional hat collector.
it is hard but it is rewarding. i love the olympics.
hi larry. i am mia. i love social media.
that is cool! i like social media, i love the internet
i am a vegan, so that is a good thing.
i am a feminist. i like to read social media.
i am not sure what i am missing
i am trying to find something organic, i love it. i don't like trump
oh no, i am sure he will find a job soon.
you should, i love social media, especially twitter.
i don't. i work in the supermarket.
i don't like music either, but i love pizza.
that is cool. what do you do for fun?
i would love to travel. i am not much for traveling though.
i love music. i love the who. what about you?
i have never seen them, do you live in ohio?
i love fashion. i love to shop.
no, but i do have a job at a grocery store
no thanks, i don't have time for a book right now
oh, i am sorry. what are you reading?
oh, spain is a great country, i was there once
i have never been there.
that is too bad. i was born there.
yes, but i don't know how long
you will. i am not old. i just moved to the us.
hello. it is going well. just finished watching the olympics.
i don't work but i do like volunteering at the olympics
it is. i have been thinking about trying open polyamory.
i work at a door to door sales office. how about you?
i am into the olympics. i have never been.
yes i do. what do you do for a living?
i don't have much time for myself, but i like to watch the olympics
that is awesome, i am a door to door salesman, but i am open.
i am not sure really, i am a clean eater so maybe music
i like to play sports. i am a runner, but i am also a life coach.
i don't know. i am trying to get a job to be a life coach
i like all types of music.
i am eating some sushi, but i am not really a fan of it.
i don't, i am a stay at home mom so i don't have much energy
yes. my job allows me to do that.
i am doing well, how about yourself?
that is good. i am a female, but i like to play call of duty
yes i do. i am in cali.
oh nice. do you have any hobbies?
cool. i have a ford pinto and a ford f150
yes, i work in the office.
yes i work part time, what about you
i am a nurse, what about you?
that sounds fun! what is your favorite food?
i don't know about science, but my father played piano in the circus!
i love to explore the city.
that is awesome. i am a piano teacher at the homeless shelter
i love to explore the city. i love to take my piano class to the homeless shelters.
i love playing the piano, but my favorite instrument is the violin.
i like to play the violin. i am a piano teacher.
cool. i am a piano teacher.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
oh yeah? i build robots for fun.
i am a famous twitch streamer
you should try. it is very rewarding.
i am sure you will be a great doctor
i am working on a new robot. i am trying to figure out how to work on it
oh that is good. i love to play video games
i know right? its just crazy enough to work!
i am great, i am baking a batch of cookies
i am so scared of death.
i have a dog named kiki. she is a lab. do you have any dogs?
i am a chef, but i love to bake and bake for people. you?
that sounds fun, i am in florida, i love the beach
i will stick to baking... i am a great baker.
i am in california. how about you?
i am into baking cookies, i love making them! you?
i am great. how are you?
i listen to rock music mostly
i like music too. i like to hike to church on sunday mornings
oh wow!! i am not a big dancing fan but i love to hike
i have a pet fish. i love it. i go hiking in the morning
i am 18, i have been with my boyfriend for 2 months now
that is awesome! i just got my girlfriend of 2 months.
i like sunsets too! i am not much for hiking. i like to take my dog for long walks.
i am from alaska but i live in the united states now.
i love my country, alaska. do you?
that is fun! i love to be outside. i am in alaska.
no, i am in alaska
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
that is great, i am so happy for you
i have never been there. do you have any hobbies?
i am eating some chicken salad. my father is a farmer. i love animals.
that is so awesome! my dad is a farmer and my parents don't have horses
no i am single, but i have 3
that is interesting. i like rock music. what do you study
that sounds like a challenge!
i have not seen the stones in years.
i am an artist and i love to create
that is nice, i am a farmer, i help my father with the fields.
i am doing well, how are you?
i don't like my job, i don't have a job right now
i understand that. my wife is a car salesman and has a hard time.
oh that is great! i work in a car store.
that is nice i have a wife she is my life
i would not like that too.
oh that is awesome. my kids like to paint too.
my wife has a cat, she is a car salesman
that is a long time. i am a teacher. i teach kindergarten
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i teach elementary school.
i like roller coasters, but i prefer to go on vacation.
i am in elementary school, i teach in the city.
i love the beach and playing board games. what are your hobbies?
that is cool i love the beach too
do you have any pets?
that is cool. i work at a shipyard. i volunteer to the local animal shelter.
oh cool. i am a navy brat.
that is too bad, do you have a job?
i love to donate time and money to charity
i work a lot of time at a shipyard
oh, i see. i am a shipwright, but i work full time.
i would not either. i love animals. i volunteer with the local bunnies
i am in college full time and i am not working
that is fun, i am more of a beer drinker
i like to go out and play with my friends
i don't like hats, i like wine in the evenings.
oh no! that is terrible. i am so sorry
i am a coach at the local baseball league
i have a glass of wine every morning before work.
yeah but you get to watch the game
thanks! i love you too
i live in the countryside in a small city
i have a son.
no. i don't know what i want to do when i graduate.
i am sorry to hear that, do you have any hobbies?
that is a great profession. i have to go to high school.
i don't know, i am not a doctor.
you can always try! i would love to have a purple and green room.
i am vegan, and i eat a lot of meat.
i am doing good, how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. do you have hobbies?
yes, i am a freelance skater
i am sorry. i am sure you can find someone.
no, i am not into role playing.
no, i am not familiar with him.
oh, i see. i am not familiar with that one.
hi bob. my dad was in the army so i have to work a lot.
my father is a retired soldier.
i am sorry for your loss
that is too bad. i am sorry about your family.
that is so sweet. how old were they?
yes i do, i am currently in the insurance industry
that would be a great exercise. i work at a insurance firm.
i am a business man
hi! i am only 14, so i don't get out much.
i was born in somalia, so i don't have a bus
oh, i see. i am in the united states.
oh, that is nice. i play for the university of south carolina
i am not. i am from the united states, but my family came from india.
nope, just my family.
that sounds like a lot of fun
i was forced to marry when i was in the states
i am doing good. i am just relaxing. how about you?
oh, that is awesome. i am studying to be a meditation teacher.
i quit my job to pursue my religion
yes, that is what i am thinking
i would love to. i have not spoken to my family in three months.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a buddhist.
thanks, what else do you like to do?
yes, i am trying to become a spiritual leader.
yes, but i like garlic bread and pasta the most.
i do gymnastics to feel better.
what will happen then?
i like soccer more. i am a gymnast. do you have any hobbies?
i like the color yellow.
i try, but i am not that great.
i love italian food.
i don't have time for video games. i do gymnastics and i am a gold medalist.
no. i am in a party
i am well. i am watching mean girls.
that is a great combo. i have a dog and cat.
i am sorry to hear that
that sounds fun! i am glad my job allows me to do that.
i have a dog and cat. do you have any pets?
that sounds like a scary time. what do you do for fun?
i am sorry to hear that. i am just a bookstore clerk.
i am in a dance class, i dance to the beat of my favorite orange
oh i love my cats, i have a dog, he is a cat.
i like pretty woman. do you work?
i love orange! do you have any pets?
not really. i did not get too into the competition though.
you are so right. i do like the color orange.
good just listening to britney spears
i don't like spending money. i am a bit too high maintenance for that.
i am a high maintenance person, i like to stay in shape.
yes, i am very high maintenance. i don't like to eat healthy.
i like spending money, i do a lot.
i love music, especially britney spears
yes i am. i am also into the outdoors, especially tanning.
i crave fish and chips and pizza
i like the walking dead, i love cooking paella
not really, i like to stay inside and cook
yes. i help with all kinds of things.
it is a dish from europe that is very popular.
i love shrimp. i eat it with everything.
we are working on a map of europe
not really, i am more into cooking
i am good. just listening to some country music. how are you?
i am fine, i just work with the cows. they are my life.
what are your plans for the future?
that is cool i like horses
i am in new mexico, what about you?
i live on a ranch. what do you do for a living?
i love animals. do you work?
i have never had a golden retriever.
i am baking cookies.
that is nice. i love dogs
no. i am afraid of dying, i love baking.
i am more scared of death.
i like to knit and bake! do you like baking?
i like baking and reading
in the city. i don't like the outdoors. i am afraid of dying
i love italian food. do you have hobbies?
that sounds great, i would like that.
i don't think so, he is retired.
i am a bit of a gambler, i like the outdoors too.
i am from california. i love to gamble.
i don't have a car, but i like to gamble on the weekend.
i am retired, so i am not sure what i want to teach
oh, i am sure we can get along well then
i am doing good. how are you?
i don't know...... i just got to go to school and i am a teacher.
me too! i have been to the beach, played board games and watched up.
we will be there for a while. what about you?
i am a teacher. i teach elementary school.
i am from california. i teach at a small school.
i am in california. i am a teacher at a school
good, how are you?
do you have any pets?
i am a gym rat and love to run.
it is very nice to meet you. do you have any hobbies?
that is awesome, i like to draw and paint. what do you do for fun?
what do you do for a living
i had long hair, but it was too long. now it is short.
i am good. just finished cooking some paella.
i am a art major in college.
i am a art student. do you work?
cooking and traveling. i visit a lot of europe.
europe twice a year. i am in art school.
i am a college student. i have been to europe twice this year.
you are not! do you like cooking? i do!
i love to cook paella. i am a paella major
hi, no i am not.
oh i like them too
wow!!!!! that is awesome!!!
sure, i will invite you!
oh. that is sad. i am 24. how old are you?
oh well that is ok, do you like to cook?
oh, well i am 24 years old and i have not done anything crazy
haha!! you know what i am getting married for...
i am doing well, how about yourself?
that is great. i work out at home.
i love to watch horror movies
my favorite is spaghetti and meatballs.
i love the cheese bread! i have not had the garlic bread lately.
that is a good way to lose weight!
i like to watch horror movies. what do you do?
hi, i am doing well. how about you?
i am in the 3rd grade
i like to go to disney world.
i hope so too. i am a kid and i have not even been to disney world.
my friends love playing with my ice skating game.
i don't play sports, but i love to play with my friends.
i have 2 kids and a cat
a pit bull. i am a big fan of the movie frozen. what about you?
they are not. but i do like nascar.
well i do love mexican food. do you have any other hobbies?
no, but i have been working all my life, 16 years old.
i am a construction worker so multitasking is not for me
yes, that is a good example. i love mexican food.
i like folk music too. i like to play nascar too.
i do too, but i also like to watch nascar
that sounds like a lot. what do you do in your spare time?
its almost lunch time! i work at a gas station.
that sounds great. i work as a cashier at a gas station.
my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates.
oh no, that sounds terrible. what else do you like?
that is a very good point
i am scared of clowns. my father was trying to set me up on them.
i am afraid i would be scared of clowns!
i am 20, and my dad is 77. he has been trying to set me up with someone
sure, but i am looking for a job. what do you do?
true, but it might help you find your soulmate.
oh. i have an older sister. she hates me.
i know that is why i want to find a job. what kind of job?
i work at a restaurant, i am an assistant
i am looking for work. i am not sure what to expect
nice. i work at a restaurant. do you work?
what do you do for fun?
hi charlie i am doing great, and you?
i am doing great. what about you?
oh that sounds good. what kind of pizza do you like?
i like rock music, what about you?
rap is good i don't like music
i agree. what else do you like to do?
i know but i have a lot of friends
that is cool i just got back from school
i am doing ok. how are you?
oh that is cool. my dogs and cat like football.
what is your favorite movie?
i like comedies, especially when they are not mean spirited
i like mean girls more than the other two.
not really. i do love to party though.
yeah, i guess so, i am not much of a movie person
i am not afraid of heights, but i do like to party
i am good. just listening to music.
that sucks. i have a boyfriend. i don't like him at all.
i am more into tanning.
that is cool. i like green
that is great. do you like music? i love britney spears.
i love pink too!
me too. i spend a lot of money at tanning beds, but i love it!
pizza is great, especially with a nice hot chocolate after!
i don't read much but i do love comics
no, not really. i am a bit of a health nut, though.
i am. i am more of a reader than an artist
hey, that is cool i like comic books
he is my favorite. he is so cool.
it is. what else do you do for fun?
it is. i like to cook too. i love to cook with my family
i am doing well. how about yourself?
that is great. i love to read.
i am a stunt double for a lot of movies, you should come watch
that is awesome. i am a professional stunt double.
i like classical music, but i am more into movies.
that is good to stay in shape.
i am sure it is. i am just so into my job
i am in new york city.
i am currently unemployed.
that is good. i am a bank teller.
that is nice, i just bought my first home.
oh, that is great! i am excited to get my new home
yes. i am expecting twins soon.
i am expecting a bunch of twins. i just got a new home
nice! i am in canada too. i am hoping to find my twins soon
i am doing well, how are you?
i work full time and have a house in florida
i love to travel. i am a boy. what do you like to do?
i understand. i have a house in florida that needs a power line.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i am single too, but my children keep me busy.
my kids are all grown, and i love dogs.
sorry to hear that, my ex is a terrible person.
do you enjoy it? do you have any hobbies?
i don't cook, but i love to cook
i love cooking, especially when my mother passed away.
yes i cook. what are your hobbies?
that sounds like fun. i am a chef. i sell insurance
my father was in the army and i am not sure i could do that
no i like the sound of my dad dying in the military
i really like sushi. do you like food?
i don't have a favorite dish.
that is interesting. i don't know what that is.
i am a navy seal, you know.
that is cool, i volunteer at animal shelters
wow, that is exciting. what is your favorite color?
oh, that is terrible. i am sorry about that.
i have been with my boyfriend for a few years.
that is nice. i like the navy blue. what is your favorite color?
i like the colors of the navy. i like to donate to charity when i can.
i work in the insurance business.
i am sorry to hear that. do you work?
yes. do you like to play softball?
he is a retired army man.
i work for insurance company. i have a bad relationship with my mother.
oh, i am sorry to hear that
yeah but it is a good pay. i make a lot of money.
i am a doctor, i am in the medical field
i have a new job that i enjoy. what do you do?
i am a doctor, but i am looking for a new job
oh. do you like the park?
that is good. my daughter is a prodigy. she is in 3rd grade.
i am a doctor. i love to go to the doctor.
do you like milk cartons?
i am good, how about yourself?
i am trying to figure out how to ride a horse. i like them.
oh, i bet you have a lot of friends
i am a farmer and my family visit me when they visit my father
oh well, you should try it sometime. i do it with my horses.
that sounds nice, do you ride horses
i love rock too.
my dad is a farmer and i am trying to find some good rock music
i have two dogs. they are so cute
i would love to meet you someday.
i am a postal service worker
oh that is nice. i work at the postal service.
i am sorry to hear that. my job is the postal service.
that sounds like a fun day!
oh my gosh. i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
that sounds good, i love ice cream, especially chocolate.
hello, taylor. i have a dog named oreo. he is my little buddy.
i am shy but i like to sing. i love to sing. i also love eating chocolate candy.
i don't have any kids yet but i want to be one one day
i like chocolate and coffee
i love chocolate candy. i sing to my four year old son.
no, but i do like to play with my dog
my dad taught me to do that when i was 4
i don't drink much wine, but i like chocolate candy.
hello! yes, i just got back from the sky diving and rollercoaster. you?
i just had my favorite meal of the day, hummus!
that is awesome! i just moved here from germany
i have never heard of that
oh nice i just moved here from germany
that sounds fun. i am a vegan.
oh nice! i moved here from germany.
do you have any hobbies?
hi, i am good. i believe in shaolin monk and god.
i don't. i don't have time to travel, i am in the army.
oh wow. my dad was in ww1. i was in the army.
i don't know... do you?
what does the bible say about the army?
i am sure he would agree with you. i am also in the army.
i am sorry, i have not been able to watch much of his work
i have been in the military, i am a veteran.
i love animals. i am 19, i work as a waitress, and i have a part time job.
that is awesome, do you have any hobbies?
just a little bit bored. i have a part time job at a burger king
wow! that is impressive. i don't do any drugs or anything.
i am 19 years old.
cool. i work as a part time bartender at a burger king.
that is cool i drive a mustang
no, i have to go to my part time job to buy my parents a home
i am in high school and have a lot of friends.
hi! how old are you? i am 12, how old are you?
i have my mom. she teaches kindergarten. i am only a child
wow, that is a lot. what do you do for fun?
i like pobox, and i love playing with my friends.
i broke my nose when i was a kid
oh i see. i am a kid too and i love to play pobox
you to. i have a lot of friends.
sure. what do you do for a living?
bob is awesome. do you have a job?
i am into poetry. what do you do for work?
no i am a humble man
that is good. i am a huge star wars fan.
yeah. but i do try to keep my mind on things.
i don't talk to much people.
i like to think of myself as a star wars character.
i am good. how are you?
i love grills. i have a dog, a dog named barnaby.
i don't gamble but i have a german shepherd
that sounds peaceful. i have a german shepherd. she loves the outdoors too.
i like winter too. i am excited to start the new job
oh that sounds nice. i am a postal worker
that is a good idea. what do you like to do for fun?
that is great. my father is a postal service employee
i am good thanks. i am just working at the bank
i work in an insurance office. i just bought a house.
yes, it can be. what do you do?
that sounds exciting. do you like music?
yes. they are a handful. i am excited about them
yes, i get to spend more time with them
no, not really. i am more into spending time with them.
hello. i am doing good. i am a boy and i was born with my heart outside my body.
i am watching the game on nascar and eating enchiladas
she does not mind at all, she just wants to be with me.
i am a nurse.
you are a contractor? that is interesting.
i have been in a lot of pain so its been hard.
yes i think so. i don't have much talent
no i am not lion tamed. i have to have surgery to fix my heart
i am good. i was born in somalian russia.
i am sorry, where do you live now?
i have never been there.
oh that is a long time. i was forced to marry my parents in somalia
i was forced to marry my husband. he is a cop.
yes. i have a brother and sister.
that is cool i was born there
he is in college, but he is still in high school
hello, i am good, how are you? no, i don't like them.
i am a teacher. i am also a vegan.
that is very noble of you!
that is great. i have a dog who helps me out in my garden every week.
that is cool! i love gardening also. i am a woman
yes i agree. i have a lot of dogs
i was not, but i love to garden and walk outdoors. do you?
that is great. i am a teacher. what do you do?
i am doing great! i am just looking for a new wife. how are you?
i am sorry that is not good. i work in car sales.
that is sad! what do you like to do?
i hope so too. i am a car salesman.
oh nice! i have never been able to play any instruments.
i think i am going to get divorced. i hate my job.
that is good, i don't think i could do that
no she did not work at all
oh wow! what kind of books do you like to read?
wow, that is great. i am an electrician and have a big truck.
that sounds interesting, what do you do?
i like to drive my big truck to the museum
that sounds delicious! i am listening to country music.
i am an electrician and i am obsessed with roses.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
oh i see. i am a truck driver in the us.
i am good how are you
what do you do for fun? i love to play chess.
that sounds relaxing. i am playing chess.
i am in my thirties and work as a vet.
i like her music but i don't listen to her much. i am a single person.
i am in my twenties. what do you do for fun
i am glad you have a store to shop at.
i have not had a beer in a while, but i will have to try one!
hi! i am doing ok, how about yourself?
it is mean girls. it is my favorite movie. i like to help people.
i have seen that one too. it is good though.
that is awesome! my kids love going on holidays.
i like to watch mean girls when i am not working
yes, but i prefer movies. mean girls is my fave!
i like to help people, especially food banks, but i am also deathly afraid of heights.
i am so sorry. do you have pets?
i am good. what do you do?
i am a piano teacher, i am pretty good.
i play the piano.
wow that is cool. i play the piano
that is cool. i teach piano and have played the piano for many years.
i love the beatles, they are my favorite. what is your favorite?
i do too. but i am not really into the whole modern art thing.
i am in a lot of trouble, so i try to do the best i can
i am well, how are you?
wow. that is awesome. i am in school.
i like to ride my bus.
i will try to! i am a bit older than you though.
thanks i will try my best
that is great. what do you do for a living?
wow that is cool i like to play soccer
what kind of books do you read?
i just finished drinking coffee. how are you?
i love rap. what else do you do?
i love pink! my father is a construction worker and i listen to her.
i don't drink. do you?
yes i do, but i don't drink alcohol.
cool, i am a huge coffee drinker
cool. my father worked as a construction worker, he loved the color pink.
i have a dog named tiki
hello, how are you?
that is great! i love reading and writing
yes it is. what are your hobbies?
that is nice, i am a student
i like all kinds of music.
do you walk dogs? i am a kayaker, so i am into kayaking.
i am from new york city. i love my job, i am a psychology graduate
hi there. i would like to hear some advice on that.
i play the piano, but i have not done that much since the accident.
what do you like to do for fun?
i am a piano teacher, but i also volunteer with the homeless.
wow! i have been in a lot of strange situations myself.
i have been to one. i was a piano teacher
i do too! i am a piano teacher. i love it
that sounds good! what do you do for a living?
i love vanilla. i am a student so i can not eat it.
lol that is cute. my mommy is a professional chef.
i want to be a doctor when i get older
that would be great!
wow! that is great. do you like it there?
i am in the school band and i have a passion for running.
i want to be a doctor
i am playing a violin.
that sounds like a fun hobby
that is good, do you play any instruments?
oh, i don't know if i could go that far. i am a violinist.
that is nice, i am more of a pianist
hi there, i play piano and guitar
that sounds nice. my father works in the electric industry.
i will do that, thanks.
hi! no i am not vegan, i don't know what that means.
no he is a poodle. he is a rescue dog.
that is awesome. i have a dog and a german shepherd.
i love hockey too. i am in the nhl
i am a farmer, i have a farm and a dog. do you?
yes i do. i am a farmer. i watch nhl games on tv.
yes. i am a rural farm town, so it is hard for him to watch.
that is pretty crazy. what do you like to do for fun?
i am good and you?
oh, skateboarding is cool too. i like classical music.
i broke my arm as a kid. i love to dance.
i am a christian. i am not a snapback person.
i am not religious. i am a christian though.
oh that is cool. i love classical music.
no, i don't. i like to dance.
yes, i have been there. do you like the zoo?
good night, it was a long one.
i am only 5 years older than you. you must be very young.
i have to be a boy, my heart is outside my body.
i think so too, but i have to have it done
i don't sing, i don't have a lot of energy.
i do, i like all kinds.
oh that is cool. i don't have any allergies.
i live in the south. how about you?
i am great! i am just hanging out with my husband and daughter.
i love to garden and work with my hands.
that is awesome! i am a garden technician
i love dogs, i have one named maddie
yes it is i love it
do you have any hobbies?
that is why i love to garden with my hands
that is cool. i love to garden.
i live in california. where are you from?
yes, i am a stay at home mom. i love being thin, i like to stay thin
i don't like to cook. i like to eat
i like to work out at home. i like band shirts, ruffle sleeves, and band shirts.
yes it is! do you have any hobbies?
i am not sure i am just a skinny blond girl with short hair.
i agree. i am still in shape though. i am in my 20s.
yeah. i am a bit overweight, so i need to eat more.
hi, just got back from a hike, how are you?
that is awesome! i hope you like the outdoors.
i live in colorado. i am an engineer. i am a mechanical engineer.
i enjoy rock climbing and hiking.
i love to go hiking. i love colorado. do you have any hobbies?
you should. it is beautiful.
i am not really fluent in any other languages.
that is cool. i am a scientist. i am an engineer.
that is cool. what is your favorite color? mine is black.
its great. how about you?
my hair is brown and curly, so i don't like the purple and green.
that sounds like a good stable to have.
yeah i hope so.
my hair is brown and lime green
i like to ride horses, but my purple and lime hair would not like that.
that is cool. i love my purple hair
it is, but i have to get through it
i am sure that is true. i just don't know if i want to try again
me too, but i am a little sad now
i am a student at college, so i don't have time for a relationship
i love to hike. i have been to the mountains a few times
i love orange too. what is your favorite color?
no, i don't have a dog. i spend my money on cars.
i love fish. i have never been to a restaurant.
i have a pet cat named mater.
i work at home, i spend most of my time working out.
i am doing great how are you?
nice! i am going to go to business school
finance. i am going to be a banker in a few years.
yes, i have two cats, a cat named charlie and a cat name jasper
i do! i am going to go to school for business.
i am a financial banker, i don't have much experience with old cars.
i am going to go to school next year.
i would love to go to a music festival, i am a huge fan.
i am good, i just got my baby on the way
i am pregnant and i have my first child. i am excited
oh i am sorry. i am a pennsylvania baby
congratulations. i have not started a new job yet.
pennsylvania baby, i live here
i am not sure what that is.
sorry to hear that. what is stopping you from skating?
i don't know why. i am pregnant.
not really. i have to get back from taking care of my 2 kids and two grown children. you?
oh, that is cool, i am just a housekeeper for my husband.
i used to work as a painter, but my life has not been kind to me lately
i am sure she is a wonderful person.
i don't have a sister. i have two kids and a husband.
what concert? i am taking my kids to see a band i used to be a painter
nice. i like to go to the movies.
true. i guess it is all in how you look now.
hi, i am fine and you?
i go to the college. do you like to skateboard?
i want to be a skater
i am not, it is just the way it is
i have a job but its a little boring.
i understand. do you like to skateboard?
i am a surgeon. i am a surgeon.
what else do you like to do?
i am good how are you?
i am a pizza chef.
ohio is awesome. i have never been out of the city, but i have been to ohio.
i have never left ohio, do you have any pets?
i like pizza, i don't know if you have heard of it
it is. it is my favorite.
i am a big fan of olives
that is great. i like to eat pizza with black olives.
sure, what do you do for a living?
yes i like it. i do like pizza too
i like olives on pizza.
i love it, i have been traveling around the world, and i have been everywhere.
oh i see. i love animals. i have two dogs
i have not. i am going to see a doctor. i am 23
i think so too. i love cooking, but i am not very good at it
i have not heard of them.
sure, what are you into?
i love purple. do you have any favorite hobbies?
that is cool i am going to school for art.
i have a lot of brown curly hair. i am not going to go there.
i will have to try that!
do you like horses? i have curly curly hair so i would like to ride one
i go to the animal shelter and volunteer there
not hard, but it takes some practice. do you have any pets?
hi how are you today?
that is cool. what kind of music do you like?
i love hip hop. i love to dance to it
i am not a fan of pop music. i am more into hip hop.
i love the color of hair brown. i also like old school hip hop.
wow! i hope you get to graduate soon! i am in the early 80s myself.
i am not a big cook. but i love to dance. do you dance?
it really is. i have to eat healthy.
no, my mom is in ohio.
oh, i don't know, i am not sure if i know her.
that is not very nice of you.
oh ok. i like toy. do you like music?
i am the youngest. how about you?
i am sure we can. i am just getting ready to go to work.
i don't have much but i do have some. what do you do?
i am not home at the moment, but i am sure you will like it
i am doing fine, just working on my job as postal service representative.
i am a big fan of grey
i would love to see pictures of the farms where you grew up
mine too. what do you do for work?
postal service, i am a receptionist at a local law office.
that sounds fun. i am employed at the postal service, so i have a lot of downtime.
i am excited. i am going to go to a job interview.
what do you do for fun?
hi... my husband is adopted.
no. but it is a fun hobby. i am a farmer.
no, he is not guilty. he is not.
i am from africa, i am an african kid, what about you?
i have heard of him. i like him.
no, i am not a big fan. i prefer reading books
i like all types. do you have a favorite movie?
yes, i can. my favorite movie is empire strikes back
hi there, i am good. just got done with a rambunctious workout at the gym
i like country music, do you?
wow, you have trained your dog? i am impressed!
i work as a singer for a country band, what do you do?
i agree, but i love country music, so i am a little biased.
country and pop. do you have any hobbies?
i don't know, i guess they are not my style either
i am not sure, but i think it is. what is your favorite band?
sure. i grew up with country music.
i am an artist and i sing country songs
i sing country, and you?
sure! i sing in a country band.
i am sure it is. what is your favorite music genre?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure they are grateful to have you.
i have not, but my parents have been playing their music on the weekend
yes i do! i love country music. what kind of music do you play?
oh, i am sorry to hear that! i work full time as a ship yard worker.
what is your favorite color?
you should try volunteering at the local animal shelter, they are always good for a laugh!
i am not sure. i would have to ask my ex.
they are adopted but i don't know if they get adopted.
i have not been to school in a long time
i have a dog. he is very sweet and loyal
i have a pit bull. do you like pets?
i like most languages. i am a big fan of french.
it is great! just got back from my job. how about you?
i work at a fast food restaurant
i just got done eating a burger
yes, i have lived in spain and mexico.
do you have any hobbies
i like all kinds, what about you?
i love all music. i don't drink or have any drugs.
hey jefferson! i am jessi. i am four, and my best friend lives next door.
no, but i do like turtles. do you have pets?
no, i did not get any, i am four and i am not picky
i don't pick my own clothes. do you?
i love to read. i have a book collection.
i have a pet turtle, he is my best friend
yeah, i am a little sad, my dolls are not here yet.
haha... i don't pick them up... i am too busy playing with them
hey, i am good. i am mia, and i am a doctor
a golden retriever. he is a little goofy.
that is nice. do you have any pets?
a few years now. what do you do?
i have been working for a hospital for a year. i don't like it.
not much of a papaholic. i am more into the outdoors.
i am sorry to hear that, what do you do for fun?
you are funny, i am just looking for a new job.
hey! i am so excited too. i just got done with work!
what color is your bed?
you must be really thin
i have a dog that is my baby.
country music is awesome! i love country.
she has a lot of hits, she is a good singer
i love country. i live in the country
i drive a big truck, but i am a farmer. what kind of truck do you drive?
i am well. what do you do for a living?
i love purple and blue.
i like the color red, but i don't like the movie frozen
that is cool! i love singing songs from frozen, do you?
that is nice. i like to sing from frozen.
that is cool too. i like the music from frozen
i like all the disney movies!
i hope so as well
i am a car salesman, what about you?
that is awesome. what kind of business?
it does not. i hate my job.
i am glad you are happy. i have been working for a car company for a while now
that sounds great! i am a car salesman, but my wife is the one who is always hiring!
she is not a good person.
that is a good job, what do you do?
i am good, how are you?
that is awesome! what is your favorite food?
that is cool, i love country music.
i don't have a job, but i do volunteer at the soup kitchen.
that is cool. i am a retired teacher
its going good. just got done with my volunteer work at the soup kitchen.
that is interesting. i am retired now, so i don't have time for movies
no. my name is sally. i am also retired.
hi jane! i am samantha. i have 3 dogs, all dogs that are rescues.
oh that is a lot of time. what else do you do?
i have been to the olympics twice, i have been a salesman.
that is cool do you like to travel
i love my friends. i have been in open polyamorous relationships
i guess so. what do you do for a living
school is always hectic with the kids. i am in an open polyamorous relationship.
that is cool. what kind of school are you in?
i am doing good how about you?
oh that is great. i have a lot of work to do, i just got off my farm.
that is awesome. my parents are farmers. i grew up there.
i have never been to the olympics but have heard they are awesome.
i have a cow and i like to ride my truck. what do you like?
oh that is good to hear. i do like to eat.
pizza and meatballs. i am a truck driver, so i love to go out.
the cow that i am driving. i am a truck driver.
i am great. just listening to some music.
that is awesome, i am glad you are enjoying music.
i have no idea, i just call my dog charlie.
that is a nice car. do you have any pets?
i have a dog named charlie. he is so funny. what about you?
nice i am in texas. what do you like to do for fun?
bacon and pepperoni. my favorite food. what about you?
i like coke and pepsi. do you like music?
not at all! i am studying to be a computer programmer. what do you do?
i am in computer programming.
computer programming, what are you studying?
no, thanks. i am good.
that is awesome, i like to party too
i bet! i don't have kids, so i don't know much about kids
i am from india and my parents are from the us.
yes, i studied computer programming.
hello i am good, how are you?
that is great. i am trying to learn how to speak it fluently.
i love languages too. i speak spanish. what do you do?
france is beautiful. i moved to the country for the better job opportunities
i am not familiar with that word
i speak english, spanish and german!
yes, i do, i just moved here. i am excited about the triplets.
do you have a family? i have a step child and two step kids.
i am a college student, i am a fan of star wars.
that is a great dish. i also like coffee. i drink coffee with cream in it.
cool! what do you do for fun?
i love coffee, i drink it all the time while working at star wars
linebacker. i was the lead up the middle.
i am a fan of the empire
i like to write poetry
i don't think you know how to read.
i am a chef.
i am not sure. i am a chef.
i like cooking but my favorite thing to do is fish
that is awesome, what kind of fish do you catch?
oh, cool. i love comics! i am a chef, so i am all about cooking.
i am a chef. i like to cook but not have any pets
cool! i am in florida, i love to cook but i love to fish.
i like to read a lot, and fish. what about you?
good. i am just watching tv
i am 19, i have a part time job at a burger place
maybe. i am still young so maybe it will come.
i am at home too, but my parents are in their homes.
to a new state. i am 19 and i have a part time job at a local restaurant.
yes. i want to have fun with them
i am not a big drinker.
i am 19 and i don't like drugs either
i would love to! i am a teacher, so i am busy with school.
i like sports too. i am going to be married in spring.
what are you running?
oh. i love to eat out with my family.
i am a kindergarten teacher, what is your job?
i went to the beach and had some sushi. you?
i am sure it will, but i am ready for a break.
you too. goodnight
i have a lot of children and grandchildren, so it is hard for me to have one.
congratulations. i am retired and living the great life.
oh wow that is amazing. do you have any hobbies?
that is awesome! do you like to travel? i am retired now.
i am not sure what it is.
it is ok. i have a good wife and a good life now.
that is awesome. i wish i could be a full time parent.
i will. i have to take my children to a daycare.
hey, my name is jake, how are you?
i do, i have been to spain. what is your favorite place to visit?
i am 45, i am still on medication
i am a retired alcoholic so i have a hard time getting help.
i am a retired doctor. i have been on the road a lot for the past year.
just one, but i am on some pretty strong ones.
i am. i am 45 and i still see the effects.
i will. you have a good night!
i am doing great! just got home from work.
i am a guy who is in a relationship with a girl named katie
the oldies. i like the oldies too.
yes. i am married. yes i have kids.
what do you do for work
cool. i have a lot of friends at the gym.
i live alone in a house. i have a lot of friends.
i am good, just finished working as a doctor, how about you?
nah i play tennis. i am a professional.
oh that is cool. i am a pro tennis player
i would love to! i would love to play tennis with them.
thank you! do you like tennis?
that is a good thing! i have a wife and a kid.
yeah, i have to be careful. i don't want kids.
i am sure you can come up with something.
i am from california. where do you live?
mine too. do you have any kids?
i love chocolate ice cream. my wife and kids are my best friends.
that is good to hear. my kids are the best!
i am sure you are the right one
oh, sorry about that. my wife and kids are always around.
that is good, you can be alone with your three kids and wife.
i am sorry to hear that. my husband and three kids are great.
good and you? i am a cancer survivor.
i love chocolate chip cookies. i have a lot of them in my fridge
my parents are athletes and i am a cancer survivor so i don't eat ice cream
yes, i am a coach for the marathon
i work as a coach for the marathons.
yes. my parents were both very strong and healthy.
wow! my parents were athletes and my wife is a cancer survivor.
that sounds cool! do you like country music?
i like country music, i am from texas.
swimming is fun, but i also like reading and cooking.
what do you do for a living
i live in new york city. i met taylor swift
i bet. what is her name?
oh wow. i am in florida as well.
i love country, do you have a favorite singer?
i am doing well, just eating some chocolate candy. how are you?
i love chocolate candy. i am 4 and have a lot of chocolate.
no, but i do love chocolate. i love chocolate.
i like cats and birds too. do you have any pets?
that is cool i love chocolate
i am sad too. my parents passed away recently so i have been a bit depressed.
that is funny, i like to sing but people don't like it
i am good. i am rob dryden.
i am a skater and broke my arm when i fell off a skateboard.
i like to skateboard and i am a skateboarder
yes. i own a cat. do you own a pet?
he is a lab. what kind of skateboard do you like to do?
i am more into skateboarding. i have a broken arm.
i like to play board games too, and skateboard.
i don't like them either
that is cool. i am a librarian, but i would love to retire in a few years.
i don't like the color grey, it is too dark
that is cool. my dad retired a few years ago
i have not been to spain, but i have been to the us
no, i have never been there. i am retired, but still love to travel!
no, but i love to travel. i would love to retire and travel.
i like it. i am not a fan of it.
great, i love to drink wine and dance. how about you?
i am not very strong for a very long time.
oh i have never tried those. i am a strong man.
i don't think i could live forever. do you drink wine?
i was, but my memory of it is very poor. do you have any hobbies?
well i am not that old but i do feel like i will live forever
i have a lot of energy. i dance and drink wine all the time
it was. i was a very strong person and did not get out of bed to watch.
i am good. i am spending my money on cars
that is sad. do you have any hobbies?
no i don't date. i work a lot of hours at home to socialize with my friends.
i like all kinds of food. i like spending money at home too.
i am trying to build my own computer, but i am not good at building.
what is his name? i have never been in one.
i am a girl, i have never been a girl though.
i have not tried the treadmills, but i will check it out
hi! yes, i like hats. what about you?
i would love to see your collection!
no, i don't have any pets. i do have 3 kids though, but they are the best!
that is cool. do you have kids?
i am sure you are a very good mother!
that is great. i am a plumber, what do you do?
chocolate chip cookies... and i love the flavor vanilla.
i am sure you will find someone. i am a plumber.
wow, that is impressive. i am a math teacher at a small school.
i love math and math classes. i am not good at them.
i see. i am not very good at math
i like to take the bus to school.
i like to take my bike to school.
there are a lot. i don't have any.
mine is red, i like cats more than dogs
they should, i hate math.
hi there. i am doing good. how about you?
i am only 25 and i feel that way.
oh that is not good. i don't have a lot of friends.
i have a big garden. do you like to garden?
i have a big library in my home
me too. i also love to drink tea, and i am partially deaf.
i have never heard of him. do you like reading?
i love stephen king and jane austen
i am doing great. how are you?
my name is mary, i am a student in college.
i am a stunt double. i am also a single parent so that helps.
oh, well i have to try it. i am a stunt double
what is your favorite genre of books?
oh no! what did they do to you?
i like it. what is your favorite food?
you should try being a stunt double. i love to read.
i am in california, what do you do for a living?
i love hiking in the spring!
that is cool. i sell door to door sales.
oh, cool. i don't have much time for hiking, but i do enjoy walking my dogs.
i have three. they are the best. what about you?
i don't have time to go out to snowboard, i am too busy with the olympics.
maybe. i am a bit of a romantic. i love to watch the olympics.
i have seen a shark but i have never seen one on the water
i work at a cancer survivor group.
well, you can try my services. i can also cook you dinner
what kind of work do you do?
oh, that is cool. i am into running and cooking for marathons.
oh, i have seen some good ones lately.
i don't either, but i do eat healthy
i am a cancer survivor so i have a hard time staying healthy.
i am so excited for triplets.
i have a new place to live, i am ready to move.
i am so excited! my step daughter is a baby and i am so excited!
yes i am, triplets are the best.
you should try to adopt a baby. you will not regret it.
yes it is, my kids will be happy when they are older
you should go for it! you never know!
i am not a reader, but i love step children.
i am good, and you?
i love dogs! i have a cat, a cat.
yes. i am vegan. i love animals.
i don't, i am vegan and prefer to eat meat
i am a vegan and love listening to music
i agree! i also like to sky dive
i am trying to stay strong
yes! i am also vegan, but my favorite is hummus
good, just got off the phone with my mom
that is a long way from ohio
i have a job as a cashier, but i am a big ol pizza guy
that sounds good. my cat is named spooky. i like that name.
i see, well, do you have a job?
i have never heard of them, do you like music?
i am a huge fan of the who, what do you do?
that would be a fun job
hey! i just got back from a bake sale, so i am excited to get started!
i have a german shepherd. she is my best friend.
no, i don't bake, but i do love to bake.
i am scared of dying, so fishing is not for me.
i have a lot of baking books.
that is a good idea. i would rather be home baking
not much, just baking. what about you?
i have not had much of a chance to do anything fun yet.
i am doing great, how about yourself?
i live in california, where do you live?
i am not sure. i am a librarian so maybe i am just thinking about retirement
that is cool. i am retired now, but i am a librarian.
the mountains and the culture.
i am a librarian. i love the country.
that is cool. what do you do for a living?
i am a librarian, so i understand that. do you like it?
hello, i am doing great. i just finished a journal. i am a psychology student.
i like to read, read books, and watch shows. i am a student.
i am a very good swimmer, but i would not be scared to die
i do, i am a vegan. do you like dogs?
i love mexican food, especially lengua! what about you?
i love to cook for my family. they are all vegetarians.
i am a graduate student and love to hike
what do you do for a living?
hi i am ray and i am a thirties
i like classical. what do you like?
i have a few favorites.
yes, i am very skinny.
i love to eat anything with cheese.
yes. i am a big eater and i am in my thirties.
i am going to be a chess instructor, but i don't have much experience with it
yeah, it is tough! do you have any hobbies?
i am doing good. how are you?
that is great. i am a volunteer for the church. i help with the garden
i love to garden and walk. what do you do for work?
that is great! i have to take my kids out for a walk every week.
i am a school teacher and i do garden every week!
that is awesome. i am a school teacher.
i am so sorry to hear about the rabbits
i am doing well. just getting ready for work.
wow. i have been to a vegan restaurant and it was good.
i don't, i am very strong.
i have been to both. i don't like them though.
no, i don't watch tv. i am too strong for it.
yes. i am a professional lifter. i lift weights daily
i don't, i am strong for my age
you should try a wheelchair
yes, they are. how about you?
i am a dog walker and i am also a door to door salesman
yes i do. i sell door to door sales
that is cool. my dad is a salesman and he is always looking for a job.
that is awesome! i have always wanted to be a cop
that is nice. what do you like to do for fun
oh, cuba sounds like a great place to travel to.
i know, i know, i am so sorry. do you like to walk dogs?
oh no, not pregnant. i love to cook.
oh. i am a cook but i love cooking.
oh i see! what do you like to cook?
i work at a bank, but i love cooking and fish! what do you do?
i am sure it is. but i do love cooking. i like to cook with my family.
i don't catch fish. i like to cook but not in the kitchen.
yes i love to dance and read comic books
i love buddhism
what are you up to today?
yes, i am a buddhist. i am a vegan. what about you?
i try to keep my life pretty healthy too.
i love the cold, i am in alaska right now.
yes i do, but i don't talk to people much
i don't have a lot of time to do that.
what do you do online?
hi i am good how are you?
that is cool. i am a feminist so i watch alot of sports.
my husband and i are very liberal.
i am a female, and i love to read. what do you do?
i have a lot of friends and family around me
no problem. i love to be supportive of people
that is interesting. what are your hobbies?
do you have any hobbies?
good. i am working from home. how about you?
good to hear. i am a bit sad about my past.
i want to dye my hair purple
not yet. i would like to work from home.
its hard to describe. i don't like it. i just don't like it.
i like to play games, but i have an addiction
i am a vet, i hate it, i don't know how to do it right.
i am a computer engineer
nice. i am watching a movie with my cat, what are your hobbies?
i am a cat person, but i love to bird watch with my cats.
yes i love baseball! what do you do for fun?
i have two cats. i love my cats.
yes. my cats love them.
that is nice. i am too old to say my age.
what do you like to do for fun?
no, i am just a cat person.
i am well, thank you. how old are you?
oh no! i am sorry. do you have a favorite color?
i have never had any weird powers but my grandson and grandson are pretty weird
that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i have a lot of grand kids.
well, i have great grandchildren, and have many great children
yes, but my grandchildren are the reason i am still alive!
that is funny, what do you do for work
sure, i love to eat food and i like cooking.
no i am not a big fan of raw food
i love music, especially country.
i don't have any kids.
i love italian food and garlic bread. i do gymnastics
gymnastics. i am a gymnast, and i do it 4 days a week.
that is awesome! what is your favorite food?
i love pizza, garlic bread, and pizza.
i am doing great. what do you like to do for fun?
i am from the midwest as well, i have been here all my life
oh that is awesome! what kind of restaurant do you work at
oh, cool. i am a tennis player, so i don't get to see many people
they are all over 20 years old.
a poodle. i walk him a lot, but i also play tennis with him.
i play tennis. my wife is a doctor, so i am constantly walking her.
i am doing great. i just bought a house today.
i love to read and watch the stones. you?
i am an economics major, and i like to listen to them.
i love to eat raw foods, especially raw onions.
that is cool i am an economics major
i am not sure i just want to buy a house
that is a good way to start a life
oh, i bet that was a lot of work.
i bet it gets old. i am married and have 2 kids so i am used to it
i am doing well, how are you?
i don't drink but i do like wine in the evening
i like basketball, but not as much as football
i like wine. i love it when i drink it.
i am a little tired. my 5 kids keep me up all night.
i drive a mini van to work.
yeah i am a survivor. i am in my mini van
i am sorry to hear that. i have 5 sons
i am doing ok how are you?
i am just sitting here with my 3 dogs. what do you do for work?
that is awesome. i am a door to door salesman
i like the olympics. i sell door to door door sales.
i agree! i would love to watch it.
i also have 3 dogs. i love them so much.
my father was a salesman and i am in construction now
i have been working all day. i am so tired.
oh, that is sad. i have a step child.
i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you get to see them soon.
you are very lucky. i hope you are proud of your kids
i am from texas, how about yourself?
oh i see. i am still living at home, but i am moving to the country soon.
what kind of beats are you dropping? i work in the school system
that is awesome. i want to have a family someday.
i like to read and relax, i love to tan.
oh that is unfortunate. you should get some earplugs for your hearing.
oh, i am a very high maintenance person so that does not happen often.
oh that sounds good. what do you do for fun?
i am a very high maintenance person.
sure, i will read it later. do you have a favorite artist?
i like to go tanning in the sun
i like to listen to britney spears
i am doing well, thank you! and you?
i am a musician. i play the piano, and i play the guitar.
i play the piano and guitar
i live in new york city.
i hope to make it big in life, i am a musician.
i don't know. i don't think so.
that is cool. i wish i had a dog
i am hoping to make it big one day. what do you do for a living?
that sounds good too! i love candy
that would be fun, but i am not sure i would want to live in a house
that is cool, i am deathly afraid of heights.
i have a hard time understanding you too
its a movie. my favorite is mean girls. what is yours?
that is pretty cool i have a dog and a cat
you should, i like to hang out with my cat and dog,
do you like mean girls?
i am doing well and you?
oh that is great! i have a job volunteering in the local shelter.
i see! i am in rural ky myself. i work at a shelter.
i am a wrestler
i have been doing it for years. it has been a lot of fun
do you volunteer at the homeless shelter?
no, not at the moment. i am just working on getting my acting career going.
oh, that is good, you can help me design a robot for my body.
i am a builder, i build things. i also help with game design.
i think you should do that. he loves it too.
do you like starcraft?
cool. i don't like water. i am allergic.
i think it is okay. what do you do for fun?
do you have any hobbies?
i will do what i can to make it happen.
good, just got back from a night of playing call of duty.
its nice and sunny here. how about you?
just hanging out with my dog and playing some video games.
i am a gamer. my job is in call of duty. how about you?
i like pizza. i like to make a lot of pizza.
what do you do for work?
oh that is cool i like playing call of duty.
i play video games. you?
i am good. i love to bird watch with my cats. you?
i am an animal activist. i also work with animals.
what do you do for work?
that is sad. i am an activist for animals
sorry to hear that. i have a cat named kitty.
i am too old to say, i am too old to be an activist.
i will. what do you like to do for fun?
do you have any hobbies
i am sorry, that is a scary number
that sounds delicious. i love food
that is too bad, i have a cat and a dog, they are my life
wow. that is scary. i am sure your cat and dog are fine.
oh no. that is horrible. i would not want to eat that cat!
that would be a cool movie. do you have a favorite movie?
i am sorry to hear that. i am sure you have many friends.
i like movies. i am not afraid of heights, i have a fear of heights
i am well. how are you?
that is nice i am just walking dogs
yes, i love to go out on the waves. do you have a favorite book?
i am more into kayaking
i am a bit tired of being a stay at home mom
what kind of lab do you have
i have three. do you have any pets?
i am great, i am just chatting with taylor swift. how are you?
i work in a store as a clerk. do you have hobbies?
just working. i am a clerk at a store.
i am a cashier at the gas station, i am not sure what you do.
no i am not married. i am a store manager. what about you?
i have a cat named taylie. she is so cute.
no i don't. i do like country music though
yeah they do. i have a dog
i enjoy being inside and recording
sorry to hear that. i am glad she did not cheat on you
yes i know. i am a single dad and live in california
i am a lawyer and i love my job
i think i will go for a walk outside. i am a studio engineer, and own my own studio.
yes, hopefully. do you have any pets?
that is very sweet of you. i am 44.
i am good. how are you?
i am a doctor. i am looking for a new job
yes, i do have a daughter.
they are 12 and 14.
yeah. it is. but it pays for the doctor bills
i like comedies and action movies. what about you?
i like to watch them, but i am not sure what they are about.
i am doing great, how are you
that is too bad. you should not do that.
i think so, i have to remember to exercise more, which is important.
i have not seen it in years
she does, she is a stay at home mom
yeah i would be crazy too. what do you do?
oh... what do you do there?
what do you do for work?
hello, i am doing great! how are you?
cool! i hope to be a banker one day, but my parents are wealthy.
i am going to go to school for business.
i am jimmy, i have a degree in finance.
nice! i am in ny. i am going to be a banker.
i am so happy for you. i am a banker
do you work in finance?
that is nice i just graduated with my bachelors degree.
yes i do, i am going to business school
oh no. that is not good.
cool, do you like country music?
i am an electrician, i have to wear a hat.
i don't have any animals, so i don't know any jazz
i work with animals, i have a pet cow. what do you model?
oh nice. what do you do there?
i do like to listen to country music
i love to eat them
that is ok, i am a farmer, my parents are in their 80s
it is a big cow.
that is cool i am an engineer
i will tell you when. i am going to drive my truck.
i like country, but i like all music. i am not picky.
country is good too, i love country music.
i am a country music fan, i love listening to it. do you have a favorite?
i am sure it will be
hi there, i am well. how are you?
i speak english and spanish.
i am a huge coffee drinker, so i am a fan of pink.
i like red, but i don't like pink. do you like coffee?
that is awesome! i have a new job as a construction worker.
i am a stay at home mom and a mountain biker, i like to mountain bike
i don't drink alcohol, i don't like it
cool! i am a huge coffee drinker.
i hope you get married soon. i am going to make time to go shopping.
i have been to weddings before.
yes i do, i live in a cloud world
i love to travel. i am in a cloud, so it is perfect.
i am a cloud person, i am very lonely
maybe one day
i am sure you would be happier without them.
i have a hard time feeling locked up.
oh wow, you are a thief!
my mother is a vegan. she loves horses and riding them.
i have a job in hs. i am a high school student. you?
sometimes yes, i have to go to a therapist for that
oh i understand, i am in high school, i will graduate in two years
i am a vegan so that would not be good for me
i ride them every day, do you?
i am doing well and you?
oh that is great to hear
what do you do? i am a recording engineer.
you should try it and let me know what you think
i am a girl too, but she is a lawyer.
i am scared too. i have a lot of kids. i am divorced.
that is great. i hope he is okay.
that is cool, i am a lawyer
i am good. i have been eating tacos. i love them. how are you?
i am not a big fan of bees
yes i work as a waitress
i have three sisters, and a dog
cool. i love to travel to italy
that is good. i love tacos.
oh wow, i love dogs, my favorite food is tacos
i love dogs, i have a dog named bob.
good, how about you?
what is your favorite sport?
i am sure they love it.
i wish i had money to pay for medical insurance
what do you do for fun
that is good. what kind of music do you like?
yes. it is a lot. but i love it
great, i am larry. i am cooking. you?
no i am not, no christian. i am a cook, i love cooking, but not so much fish
horror movies are cool, but i like comic books more.
i like to cook anything i can. i like to cook anything with vegetables.
wow! i hope to cook for my grandson one day!
that is impressive. do you cook at all?
cooking and reading. what about you?
i am doing ok, how are you?
that is a great age for that!
i dance and sing in the moonlight.
that sounds fun. what do you do for fun?
i am not crazy. just very old
oh wow, you must have been really active
i love that color, i like purple too! i have a purple purse!
oh my, i don't know how to help with that.
i am going to a tennis tournament, i am a professional.
i am a tennis player, and i am a professional tennis player
i have a pomeranian
he is a big baby. i love to play tennis though.
i love to walk with my dog, he is my favorite.
oh i bet he is. what do you play?
that sounds fun! i have never played that game
yes, i am a musician and love playing tennis. what do you do?
that is very true. i also like playing basketball.
you too, and good luck in your studies.
i am doing great, how about you?
i love to read, especially about arabian history. what about you?
cool. what kind of car?
i love animals, what kind?
what kind of car do you drive?
i am a farmer. what do you do?
it is. but i am glad i am retired now.
sometimes, i don't have much time to ride them though.
i have been a lifesaver for my cancer survivor wife and husband
yes. i try to eat healthy.
that would be a great job
sure! what kind of social skills?
i work for a life coach. what do you do?
its good. i do like it.
yes! i am going to start a new job soon.
you have fun with your marathon.
hi! i would love to be your friend!
i don't do math. i am a dr and am in school to be a doctor.
oh, cool. do you have a favorite movie?
not yet. i have seen the first one though.
i have a job as a doctor
no, but i am trying to find a new job. do you like movies?
i am a doctor. what do you do for fun?
i bet. do you work? i am a doctor, i love it.
hello! i am 45 year old male. i have a hard time seeing things.
i am not married, i am a 45 year old male
i want to go to the city and be a famous doctor.
i am not sure if i can do it. i am 45.
i am 45 years old and i am a alcoholic
i am retired now, but i used to work in a factory making boxes.
i love to play tennis and read.
oh, i am sorry. i am not married.
that is cool. i live in the cloud.
i live in the cloud
no. i am too shy to eat it. do you have any powers?
oh that is sad. i wish you the best in life.
no, i am just an ordinary girl.
yeah, my mom and dad are still together. do you have any?
i have never been able to talk to a cloud, i am pretty shy.
i am only three. i am the youngest
that is nice. i am in the bookstore and am looking for a job.
oh, motorcycles? i don't know much about that.
i have never raced a car. i am more of a bookworm.
i don't like the color orange. i do like purple though.
i like to dance on the weekends.
i love books about science and technology.
i am a bookworm, so i love books.
i like to run. i am a runner.
hi trish! my name is george, i have a family, but no children.
you should try to get a job at the local bee farm, i love them there.
i am not very close to them. i am in a very small community.
i love going out to eat with my family
do you have any family? i have none, but i do have my papa.
me too! do you have any family?
what is po box? i am a bee keeper and love it
that is cool. i am a farmer.
hello there! i don't but i am sure there are. i am also very strong.
i am a strong person and don't eat meat, do you like animals?
maybe a little bit of red, but i am not sure. i like the moonlight
i love wine too. i have a lot of wine in my fridge
that is cool. my parents don't want my tv either, but they will not stop me
i dance and drink wine.
i am a very strong man. i know how to make people feel happy.
that sounds delicious! i love wine, but i am not old.
hi katie! i am jacob, i am in the 3rd grade and i love disney.
that is a great goal to have! i love disney! i have never been.
i love animals. i am going to disney world this year. you?
my mom is a veterinarian, but i am not a vet.
i don't have a favorite color. what do you like?
i like the ice king.
i have not. i am a kid, so i don't know much about celebrities.
my best friend is michael and he is a disney kid.
good. how are you? i am a student.
no, i have been busy riding the bus to school.
thanks! i hope you do well in the spelling bee.
i have been surfing the web too!
do you have a lot of friends?
do you like sports?
oh i see. i am 13 and i am on the bus to school.
i am well, just playing my favorite game, call of duty.
i like the band ford
i am in my 20s. i have been in acting for a while.
oh i am sorry. i love to drive my ford pinto
do you like to go out on the weekend?
i don't do much. i don't like to drive much.
no, but my ford is a pinto.
yeah i like the color blue, what is yours?
i am nancy, nice to meet you.
i have one sister. she is a senior in high school.
oh, that is exciting. i have been busy with school. what else are you into?
i am a kid myself. i am 12 and i hate school
i like to play video games, do you?
i don't have many, i just have to keep busy
no i don't. i like to play games on my pbx.
i have to be careful, my mom does not approve.
i am 32, i am a farmer
i am in my 30s, i have a german shepherd
i have a german shepherd.
i am not very good at sports either
no. i am more into nhl.
that is a good plan. what do you do for work?
i have a german shepherd named maddie. do you have pets?
yes, i am a farmer
i am doing well. how are you?
nice. what do you do for a living?
that is great, do you like to party
i am a mean girls fan
oh, you should come to my house, i will cook for you!
my cats love to be run around in the woods
cool, what do you like to do for fun?
that is great! i love helping out in the food pantry.
spiders scare me too! i have a dog, and he is my best friend
i am not employed. i am still in the job i sell cars for.
i don't listen to much music.
i don't. i am not old enough to have many vacations.
i am planning on getting a divorce, and i hate it.
i would love to! do you like your job?
i don't have a job but i do sell cars.
my wife is my favorite, she is a car salesman.
i am doing well and you?
i love animals, i have a pet bee
you are only in your thirties?
i have a hard time feeling connected to anyone.
that is a good thing. i don't drink, but i do eat a lot of it
yes. i have a family that i am close to and i am a bee farmer.
that is cool! my family has a lot of italian food.
i love honey bees. i have been tending them for years.
hi! i am a stay at home mom. how about you?
oh wow that is cool
no, i did not, i live in the usa now.
i was in somalia for a bit.
me too, it is a good place for a lot of things, especially in the summer
i have lived in america my whole life. what about you?
i am going to be a journalist.
thank you. i am sure you will find something.
i am doing well. i just got done watching a movie with my dad.
that is cool! i wish i could wrestle!
do you like to read?
do you like music? i like hip hop, but i am not good at it.
i will, thank you. i have been thinking about becoming a physical therapist.
i have always wanted to help them.
i bet it does, what do you like to do?
i love the gym and shelter too, i have to go soon.
i am a buddhist so i don't know much about that.
yes i try my best
i am sorry to hear that.
that is nice. my buddhist friends don't like that.
that is a good thing! i am glad i have not had to do anything like that
i live in alaska. where are you from?
i am not a dog person.
that is cool. i am a buddhist. do you have any other hobbies?
i am great. just hanging out with my five sons.
yeah, but it is fun and keeps my mind sharp!
what kind of concert?
that is nice. what do you drive?
i am more of a wine drinker.
i have a mini van. i drive it in the evenings. you?
that is cool, do you drink wine at those?
i have a mini van that i drive around in.
i have been to the casino once before. i am a little too old to gamble
i am a student at school.
i like soccer, too. i am a student at a high school.
that is nice i like to ride the bus
that is nice. what do you like to do for fun?
that would be a lot of fun. i am in school for math right now
i am sorry. i am 13. i have a brother older than me
i like to do them but i am not very good at them
that is awesome. i have been in the city my whole life.
i have a lot of them, but they are very small
i would love foals. i am a bit of a horse person.
that is cool i have a horse farm
i understand that. i am sure you will be.
i have been working at a horse farm for years.
i like anything with milk
that is great! i love running. i want to run for office
hi! i am jane. i love chocolate ice cream, and my wife loves to cook.
yes, they are gymnasts. do you have kids?
that is awesome. i have three kids. they are the best.
i love garlic bread! i also love ice cream.
it is! i am a plumber so i love chocolate ice cream!
i am a plumber, i work out every day, but i love chocolate ice cream!
i am from the midwest. i have three children and my wife
i love the park and the kids
yes i am. i like spending money and tanning. what about you?
i am a stay at home mom, but i do have a very high maintenance lifestyle
that is nice i don't have a lot of free time
i am so sorry to hear that. i am not much of a retail person.
i am not sure i could shop in a tanning bed.
i am a bit too high maintenance for that haha
yeah, i am a very social person so i like to socialize. you?
i like movies too. i like to watch a lot of them.
that is cool. i am in a shoplifting center.
you sound young. i am 32. do you like shopping?
i love to shop, so much so that i shop for clothes
i have a lot of animals but i feel so old.
i don't want kids either
i shoplift. i do it to make money.
not yet. i am in a lot of jail time
i paid 10. it was a steal.
i am doing great, how are you?
i have two dogs! they are great. do you have any hobbies?
they are, but i am a little jealous
wow! that is a big difference
no. i have never had that happen to me. do you have any pets?
i am not scared of anything!
you should try it. it is a lot of fun
i am not going to drink anymore. i am gonna go to country concerts on the weekend
i am well, thank you! how are you?
i bet its nice. i have never been outside of the united states.
that is not good, do you like to skateboard
i don't really eat fast food, but i love eating pizza and burritos
i love burgers too! i love to go skateboard with my friends.
i like to skateboard and go to the park.
i love skateboarding
what do you do for work?
i am good, just finished working on my house.
reading the news. i have a house in florida
i am a house owner in florida. what about you?
that is a great field. i work for a large company.
i am a big sports fan. i have two kids and a dogs.
cool. i am just working on my masters in it.
oh, i am a banker. what do you do for fun?
i love music and video games!
i don't like the heat
i am a big fan of playing video games, especially the ones on the internet.
i like being in shape. what do you do?
they are my favorites. i also like the band the rolling stones.
i like to play video games. what do you do?
i love classic rock, i also like to play video games
yes, i love to play video games and play band shirts.
i am great how are you?
i am a doctor. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that
that is awesome. my daughter is a child prodigy. i am a doctor.
she is a pro tennis player. i am a doctor and love it!
i love the movies friday. what is your favorite movie?
i am a doctor, so i am used to playing the piano.
i don't, i don't know how to get one
hi jon! i am a swim coach at a local pool.
that is cool i love to swim in my free time
oh nice! i am studying computer programming.
what do you like to do for fun?
my family is very traditional.
i am in new orleans
what else do you like to do for fun
that is cool i love death metal. do you have any hobbies?
hey, i am doing good. how are you?
i am in a retirement gym
i have been hiking all over. what do you do for work?
i work at a soup kitchen
oh wow, that is awesome. what do you do in your spare time
i am from nashville, how about you?
no i am retired. do you like cheeseburgers
yes i have. they are not very nice.
oh, i see. you are into the juggalos. i am not, i like my dolls.
lol i don't know if i could do that...... i am 4
no thank you. do you have any other hobbies?
i play with my friends, we all live next to each other.
that is nice of her, but i would rather play with my dolls.
why is that? i don't get it.
i love horses! what do you do for work?
i am training my 2 dogs. i like to go for runs
nice! i am getting ready to go to the gym.
nice! i am a gym attendant.
what kind of garden? i like the gym but don't like the outdoors.
what else do you enjoy?
i like to go running when bored, but i don't like the treadmill.
i am. my two dogs are the only people i have ever loved
i don't blame him. i don't get dates.
hi there! i am good. how are you?
it really has, i have been in the early 80s so i have not seen it yet
i am the only child, so i was always learning.
do you have any hobbies?
i am a little bit older than them, i was born in the 80s.
i like classic music, especially hip hop.
i am old school too. i have been on the block a lot
yes i am. i was born in the 80s so i know all about hip hop
no i don't. i like to sew my own clothing
that is cool. do you like your job?
i am not sure, do you have any pets?
that is nice! i have a cat named jasper.
i am glad you are ok. do you like to sew?
i don't have any kids but i have a great grandkid
i have a lot of grandchildren. i am retired now and living the life
i am good how are you?
running is fun. i am 4, my family loves to go with me.
hello i am todd and i am a little girl. what about you
that is what i love to sing about! i love dogs!
yes, it is a song. i have a dog named charlie.
that sounds nice! i love my parents. do you?
that is cool, my 4th birthday is coming up.
that is great, i am 4 years old, what do you do?
that is cool. i love my family, but i have not had one since high school.
i like to eat at home, but i do enjoy socializing.
that is cool i work from home.
i like it. i am very social and go to the gym to socialize
they really do, i am also in a lot of relationships.
it was. i spend all my money on cars. what do you like to do?
i am a social worker. i spend my money on cars, but i have never broken a bone.
i don't play it but i am a musician
hi, i am good! i am just trying to figure out how to get a roll.
i am in sales, i am a watch dealer.
yeah i love them. do you work?
wow, triplets! i am sorry. i have a friend with a triplet
congrats! i have not been home since high school. i shop and am a watch dealer.
i want a ghost
i have not done much, but i am a watch dealer. i don't like working.
oh no, what do you plan to surprise me with
i am great. i just finished singing a song from the frozen movie.
nope just my 3 year old. i am still in 3rd grade
wow, i am the youngest. i am 3rd grade
wow, they are so cute. do you have any hobbies?
i have a lot of friends who go there, we all go together.
yes! i am in 3rd grade, what about you?
my daughter loves disney. she is in the third grade
good! how was yours?
oh that is cool, i like to go to the park
what do you do? i am a doctor now, so that is what i do
i am so sorry. i hope you can find something soon.
she is, but i am not sure if i want her as a doctor.
i love going to the park, my favorite thing to do.
it is a good movie. i am a doctor now
i am well, thank you. how are you?
that is good. what do you like to do for fun?
that sounds fun! my step children want to go there too.
i don't drink. i work at a school, so i am not home much
oh that is nice. i have a boyfriend. i am getting married soon.
i am blonde and brown eyes.
i love pizza and i like to cook with it.
i am doing well. i just got home from work.
a few years now. what about you?
yes i had to learn how to work
i am okay, i am a little depressed, but my dad is in the army so that helps
i was fired because i was overworked and had to work a new job.
i was fired for being lazy. i am a insurance salesman
i am still in the military, so i was not very fortunate.
i am sorry. my father was in the army.
i am a student too. i married a super model from italy, you?
i am sorry, i don't understand. i am a model.
i am not very familiar with italian food, i don't have any
i am an art teacher. what do you do?
do you like food? i love italian.
that is nice. do you have any family?
yes it is. i also love eating pizza.
i am in the usa. i have been married for 20 years.
sure thing. how old are you?
i am a kid myself but i have been to disney world many times
i love the ones that can do all the tricks.
i am not sure i don't know how to program
i am in 3rd grade. i like to sing.
not much, i am a kid and i am in the third grade.
i am a singer, i sing in my spare time.
yes, but i am a little bit nervous about it.
i am doing well. how about you?
that is nice, do you like it?
it is very relaxing, especially in the summer.
it is beautiful, you should go
i know i have been there and loved it
oh wow, that is cool, do you have any hobbies?
that is awesome. i have been to spain and i want to retire in a few years.
i like to make pizza
i am a construction worker, i am also married.
i love music. i listen to all kinds. i love the stones.
that is nice. my father is a teacher, and i am a house builder.
i have a couple too. they are so special to me
i have a cat too. i love cats
i love cats, i have 2.
hi, i am doing ok, just playing a game. how about you?
my hair is brown, i love it too! what do you do for a living?
i am so glad to hear that you got fired. i am addicted to gaming.
i don't like my mom either.
that is interesting. i don't know if i could do that
no i don't work but i play video games. i love roleplaying
i am into video games.
hi rob, i am nancy. my name is jane.
yeah, i am 13. i was on the bus when i was little
i am jealous! do you have any siblings?
i play soccer. i love to play. what about you?
that is a good idea. i have never drank
no, i am not much of a animal lover
no i don't, i am just a kid.
i agree. i will be graduating in a few years.
i am doing good. i am just relaxing at home with my husband and daughter.
no, a gas station, i was adopted at a young age
i am a clowns fan, i love to be scared.
i do have a garden. what do you do for work?
i am not sure. i don't like to go out much.
yes, i speak spanish. how about you?
i am not sure. i think i may be. my dad keeps trying to set me up.
no, but i am afraid of clowns.
no i am not sure what is it
yes i do. i don't drink though.
you must be very healthy.
no i don't drink.
yeah i am a big health nut and drink a lot of caffeine
that is good. do you like music?
i am glad i can help. what do you do for work?
i know right? what a waste of good grass.
i am good. how about you?
nice, i am trying to watch my favorite movie star wars
what do you like to do for fun?
that is awful. you should go see a doctor.
what is the spiritual journey you have?
that is a shame, do you like to read?
what do you meditate to?
that sounds like a lot of work
sure. what do you like to do for fun?
i am a teacher, but i teach elementary school.
i don't know if you can play it alone.
i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.
i would like to visit you sometime
oh really? what is the secret?
that is good. i am glad you don't have to work.
that is amazing, i am jealous!
i am good. how are you?
i am in florida. where are you located?
i have a sister who works as a dentist
i love pizza. what is your favorite food?
what do you do for fun?
oh wow. i am not a fan of his.
i have to go to a job right away, i am looking for a restaurant job
i am so sorry. i hope you get to see her soon
hello i am good and how are you
nice! i am playing some piano. i hope to make it big someday.
i play the guitar and i play the violin.
i like to listen to folk music.
i am male and i play the piano and sing.
thanks. i hope to make it big one day. i just play the piano.
i am a musician and play the piano, but my dream is to be a doctor.
what do you do for work? i am a musician, i am trying to make it big
i am great! i just got home from the bar.
it is in my college dorm room.
i just graduated from college.
yes it would. what do you do for fun?
oh i am sorry. i work at a bar.
that is a shame, i am sure they are fun!
i have blonde hair, blue eyes and blonde... chicken.....
i am in college. i have been to a few farms
just a bowl of mac and cheese. you?
oh that is great, what do you do for work
that is nice. i have been looking for a job for awhile.
i have a daughter who is a prodigy
bees are fun to watch
that is very true.
maybe. i have to find a job first.
my daughter is a kid prodigy.
cool! i am good. just finished reading the last of my 20 books.
i like horses too but i am more into reading
no he is a christian
rock music is great. i read a lot. i love reading.
i like to read, i love to read
no i am too busy with my studies and my family.
i will, thank you. i don't have a lot of money to do that though.
hello! i am a 43 year old male with no kids.
what did they do?
i live on a small farm and i love it
yes, i do. i like rock, especially the band the story so far.
i don't, do you?
i have been to a few concerts.
no, not really. i am a boring old man.
i like video games. i am a bit of an alcoholic though.
wow that is awesome, i am just a coffee fanatic
not yet. i have a lot of star wars stuff. i read them all the time
i don't think so. chewie is an omnivore.
i don't drink coffee, but i do love star wars!
cool. i like poetry a lot. what do you like to read?
i love the originals. i like them more than the prequels
i don't like star wars, but i do like poetry and poetry is my hobby.
yes, that is what i love about the internet
i bet, i am studying to be a computer programmer.
that sounds like fun. i am going to a pool soon
that is a lot of donuts. i like to swim
you are a good person!
that would be a great costume for you!
oh nice! i don't know much about metal music.
oh wow, you are very creative. do you like to swim?
oh okay i don't know her
no but i do love cooking paella.
i am a graphic designer, but i have a weakness for fish and chips
i don't know what that is. i am an art major.
do you enjoy cooking paella?
i don't have any. what do you do for work?
haha! i am a college student so i don't have much free time
i am not either but my favorite dish is paella.
i do too. i am an art major at the moment.
hello. i am well. just got back from a long day of painting
i don't know either. i don't know if i should ask my husband or my kids.
i love to paint
i think they do, i don't really like the world
i agree. i am a 56 year old lady, and my husband is 56.
i used to paint but now i am a housekeeper.
i love art. i have two kids that never visit me.
i am. my kids are very proud of me. they visit me a lot
i am doing well, how about you?
oh, i see, i am a lab technician. what kind of movies?
me too, they are the best. do you have any other pets?
i love my lab. he is my favorite.
nice. i am in colorado. i am a mechanic, i love to rock climb
yes i am. what about you?
what do you do for a living?
that sounds like fun! what do you do for work?
i am good how are you?
what flavor? mine is caramel.
i am more of a star wars fan. do you like star wars?
do you like football?
cool i like comic books.
oh, cool. i am a big star wars fan
i don't, i like to read poetry and play football.
i also like star wars. do you like football?
i am sorry. i am doing the same, i have to go run.
nice. i have a dog and two dogs
that is cool, i don't like pepper spray, i prefer a knife.
i don't like the gym. i am too busy with the treadmill and rowing machine.
i am going to the gym later to try to get my muscles looking good
i don't have any pets. do you?
i like the outdoors, but don't like to run.
do you have any hobbies?
i am good. how about you?
i am an accountant. how about you?
that is great! i am a bit of a car person so i don't go to the gym much
yeah i know i am just too busy
yes i don't like relationships. i am not good with them.
i am the same way i am a gym goer, but i never had a relationship
i am in cali. i don't have a relationship.
i understand that. i am not religious.
i am good, i just got off work from my watch dealer.
what are they? i like to shop for shoes and watches.
yeah i know, i am always looking for new things to buy!
nice! i love britney spears! what kind of watch?
i like her too, but she is not my favorite
yes it is, what do you do for a living?
i love to shop. i am a watch dealer.
they don't like it, i don't think they know what i am doing
i am good and you?
do you have any pets?
i work at the hospital as a nurse, but i don't like it
i am a farmer and a dad.
i have a dog. what do you like to do?
oh wow!!! i am so sorry!!!
i love to go for a ride on my dog
what do you dream about?
i am good how are you?
i don't work, i have three dogs and a door to door salesman
you are not brave enough to go to the olympics with me. i have to go.
do you have any hobbies? i like to go for walks.
i love to watch the olympics.
i love dogs and i love door to door salesmen. you?
yes, i am a door to door salesman, so i know a lot about it.
i don't know. i am in a open relationship
i am great, i just finished my workout
i bet that is a pain. i have a dog.
oh, you are selfish. that is why i have two dogs.
i do my best
i work for a local newspaper.
i am sorry to hear that. i don't have many pets but i do have 2 dogs
i don't have any pets. i have 2 dogs.
oh no! that is horrible. what happened to you?
god bless you too, i am glad i have you
nice! do you like music? my favorite band is up.
i am sorry to hear that
that sounds like a lot of fun
we are all teachers and have been for decades.
sorry to hear that. my dad was a teacher.
i love to go on vacation.
i don't know what that is.
i am a baseball player myself. i love playing with my friends at the beach
i am doing good, just got back from my daily reading.
oh, i am sorry. i am a pa, and i am reading a new book every week.
i love the mountains too. what kind of job do you have?
i am a pa. i work as a pa pa. you?
that sounds nice. do you like to read?
do you have any hobbies?
what do you read? i like the books that are by authors.
i have a book that i read every week
i am good how are you
that is so sad i am sorry.
green like what?
they don't know how to swim in the ocean
i agree. i am not sure i would like it
i am not sure. i have not been to yale yet.
yes, i am very wealthy. i am planning on going to business school next year.
it would have been nice but my parents are rich and we don't have that luxury
i am great, just listening to some music. how are you?
me too! i am studying for my spanish class
i love roofing. do you work in a roof or in a garden?
yeah, i am learning french. i have been practicing for it.
i am studying spanish, i am studying it to be a teacher.
i think so. what do you like to eat
i do, but i also like spanish, i have studied spanish all my life.
i love cats. do you work?
hi jefferson, i have a bmw, too, but i don't have many friends, do you?
yes. they are very wealthy. i don't know why
i have not been to manhattan. i would rather be in school.
i don't have any friends. do you have any?
wow that is cool. what do you do for fun?
that is awesome. my mom is a teacher and dad is a lawyer.
oh that is a good profession
i hope you don't have to go to school.
doing good. i am watching my favorite disney princess. you?
i am a delivery nurse, and it scares me a lot.
i have a dog, he is so sweet.
yes, i have been to both disneyland and the new mexico.
yes, it is my favorite thing to do, especially when i have the kids.
that sounds great, do you like pizza?
what is your favorite disneyland ride?
i deliver babies, i have a job at a hospital
i am doing ok, how are you?
i love my watch
i am a cashier at a local grocery store, but my father is trying to set me up on blind dates.
i would not mind talking about it
it was, he tried to set me up with a blind date, i was terrified of him.
it is. my parents tried to set me up on blind dates, i hate those
he does but i don't think he cares much for it
yeah, they are not great.
i am well, and you?
i know right. i am just sitting here thinking about my wedding.
i am a teacher. i teach kindergarten.
i am not sure really. i like to sing though. what is yours?
no. i am in school. i have to work at a school to get my license
what else do you enjoy?
yes, i can fly. i am getting married in spring.
i don't know i don't know how to control them
sure! i love chocolate candy and my favorite song is a block song.
i don't. i am four.
yeah, but it is hard for people to understand.
i love books, especially poetry and music.
wow, you have a lot of kids. that is a lot of responsibility.
oh yes! i love books! i am 4, so i am excited!
thanks! i am four so it will be hard but i will try
i am a little hungry now
i don't, i don't believe in any god
oh that is cool, what do you like to do for fun?
i do, i eat a lot of veggies.
i don't know. i am not a believer in any god.
blue is my favorite color too. i also like the color red.
i like to watch baseball, hockey, and soccer.
i don't watch baseball but i love to run
i am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not... i do believe in god though
hi i am great, i am studying for my spanish class
that is great! i am studying the language.
what do you like to do in your free time?
yes, i love red. i also love green, blue, purple, and yellow.
that is nice. what else do you do for fun?
what do you do for a living
that is a great profession! what do you do for fun?
oh that is nice i am a musician
oh, i am a baby delivery nurse, so i understand!
that is ok. do you have any other hobbies?
i love reading and reading books. i am a baby delivery nurse.
i am a baby. i walk 3 miles to work everyday. you?
i love reading books.
i love all of those bands. i also love reading and reading books.
oh, i have not been there in a while.
he is a planet. he is an alien planet.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i like being active too. i do swim with my family, and my mother is traditional
it is, i also love swimming
no, but my family is from india. i do have a big family.
the way my mother is... i like it so much.
yes. i love it. i am also a vegetarian, so i can cook a lot.
its a recipe i use from my mom, she is traditional
we don't have indian dishes. i prefer to be free spirited.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
what is your favorite food?
i don't know, it is just one sport that i have not been good at
i am sorry to hear that, i am a retired army guy.
i don't know yet. my dad is not happy about it.
i love mexican and italian.
that sounds like a good plan to me.
what is the best fast food burger you have had?
hi! it has been great. how about yourself?
i am in america. i was born in somalia.
yeah, that was a long conversation. i am just living in the us.
i like to watch them play, but not much else. do you like music?
he will be in a movie in the next few years
jimmy fallon, he is great
dame was my favorite too
i am not sure what that means.
i would like to think so. do you work?
i have a bird that i have trained to fly. he is a parakeet.
cats are awesome. i am expecting twins in three months
i have a family of three and i am getting married in a week.
i am not sure what you mean, do you mean that your parents are not married?
i have two kids, so it was a hard transition.
i am expecting triplets. i have a step son and a cat
that is good i like animals
that is cool. i am studying to be a translator.
that is amazing! what are you studying?
i am not, just in high school. do you have any hobbies?
no, i am not in college, but i have studied spanish for many years.
i don't work right, i just study spanish.
nice! i am a teacher. i teach spanish.
i am studying to be a teacher.
it is, i am going to study spanish
hi! i am doing great. i just finished my shift at work
zoo is good. what is your favorite movie?
i have a buddhist friend that i listen to when i am meditating.
i am in alaska. i live in alaska.
it is beautiful, but i am not sure about my spiritual side.
i enjoy buddhism, i am a buddhist, you?
i love my two dogs and one bird.
i do like music. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool i love music.
i am a stay at home mom. what is your job?
that is sad. i hope you find something you love.
i understand that. i am working at the nursing home so it is hard to find a job.
i have been in nursing homes and they are great.
wow that is great. my parents are not married
yes. i have one about my kids. i don't believe in god.
i am doing good, how are you?
i am trying to get a better job.
oh that is cool. i like to cook, but not
oh wow! that is so amazing! i am a bit of a chef, but
i have been doing a lot of food shopping lately.
what is your profession?
i think that is true. i have tried to cook a few restaurants and it was boring.
i am trying to get my acting career started
hi! i am good! how are you?
i love chocolate too! i also enjoy running
i don't have time for a family. i am married and have kids.
that is a good idea. i like to run and play sports.
that is cool. i like singing, but not on the streets.
that is cool i love the bills
i am a vegetarian, so i understand that.
oh i see, you are a young girl?
sure, i love to go to the gym.
i love music too. my favorite music is classical.
its a lot to learn. i have been playing chess for a while now.
that is awesome. i would like to learn to do that
i am in my thirties, i am a kid.
i live in the suburbs. i have never been to the city
i am in my thirties and explore the city
oh that sucks, i am sorry.
tacos are good, i like chicken.
my mother has one, she works at a dentist office
that is great. my mom is a dentist. i want to be a dentist.
oh, you are a dog person?
that is terrible! i love dogs. i would love to have one.
i love tacos, but i don't eat meat. i am vegan.
i know that feeling. i need to get my vision checked out.
i don't think so. i am in the hospital. i need a job
no i am a doctor
oh yes i do like that. do you have kids?
what do you hunt for?
she is 8 years old. i am a pediatrician.
i did not teach her, but my daughter is a genius.
that is interesting. i am a doctor. what do you do for work?
i am in florida. how about you?
that is nice, i have never been to europe
oh okay. i do construction for a living
oh nice, what did you major in?
i love fish but my cats eat it
i am a construction worker, so cooking is a must
i think it is about a dozen.
i have a cat named charlie, she is my little bro.
that is a shame. i like fish. do you?
i am a music lover and a lover of cars!
well my car is black, so that helps.
i love to listen to rap. my favorite rapper is yo gotti.
it is great. i don't have much of a job, but i enjoy it
i understand, i have a lot of kids and they keep me young.
i love olives! what kind of music do you make?
a cat. he is very friendly, so we call him charlie
yeah, he loves it. he likes to cook it too.
good, just got done with a dance competition. how about yourself?
congrats! what color is your car?
no i don't. i like to read. do you?
i love talking to people. i love to compete in a lot of things
that is good. i am in school for chem.
i love orange. do you?
i have a long term boyfriend, he works at a bookstore.
he just hates orange. he is a labrador retriever.
i am great! what is your name?
what kind of music do you like to listen to?
i have two mutts. what about you?
haha, i am old. i was born in the 60s.
i agree! i love country! i also love going to country concerts.
yeah it is, i am a contractor for a major auto company.
i don't work, so no bills to pay!
i am great! i just got home from knitting a blanket for my dog.
oh no. i have not had time for tv lately. i am working on a project.
i like to knit and bake
i have to do a lot of searching too. i don't want my dogs to get lost!
i have been using amazon turk, its awesome! i have a new job selling baking.
i am a baker and love to bake.
oh okay, i love baking. what is your passion?
i love dogs and cats. i also love to knit.
that would be a good career to have.
my father was a home depot worker.
what city would you like to visit
yes, in new orleans. i am a stay at home dad.
yes, but i also have a son who is in first grade.
my dad worked at home depot, he was a home builder.
i do, i live near the beach, you?
i don't know much about horses. do you work at home?
i am good. just listening to some the who. you?
cool. i am just watching a movie. i love to watch movies.
i am from ohio. where are you from?
not much, i am not very good at it
it is but i have to take care of my cat, spooky.
i am not sure i can do that, but i will try
i don't eat donuts, but i love pizza!
i like pizza with olives
not if you are not in the market for a car
oh, well that is good. do you hike in the morning? i do
that is amazing! my boyfriend is still with me, so i am happy.
that is sad. i am sorry
he just did not see it through, he just ignored me
oh no. what do you do?
i hope so. i just got a new boyfriend.
yes, i am in gymnastics, i am a medalist. you?
awesome. i am sure she will love italian food
i like to listen to music and go running.
i love sports but i don't play any.
i am in gymnastics, i love it! what else do you do?
i will try to! do you have any hobbies?
sounds fun. i love to eat italian food
oh, that is a shame! do you like music?
it is here too. i am just getting back from my job
what did you do there?
that is awesome. i am a stunt double for my second job
that is great! i am a huge book reader.
what do you do for work?
i have been reading a lot of books lately
that is cool. i am in a very strict single parent household. i am a stan
i am great how are you?
wow, i don't play any sports but i like to go to the gym.
oh, i am sorry. what is dinner?
that is travis scott. he is the artist who makes music.
my mom is a dentist, she is great!
i am a waitress at a restaurant, but my sister plays the violin
i am a dentist. i am looking for a job.
what do you do for a living
that would be a good idea. what do you do for fun?
that is great! my dad is a farmer. we will be able to come over.
wow! i am in alabama.
i would love that. what are your plans for today?
it is really cool, and i love riding horses!
no names and yes i would
i don't work but i have arabian horses.
good. how was yours? i am a activist for animal rights
football is fun. do you watch a lot of it?
i am just sitting here watching my cats and listening to music
i am dying my hair blue and purple.
i like blue and orange
i just like the color it has
because i am too old to say i have one
yes i have a dog
i am doing ok, how are you?
me too, my cat and dog would like that too
yes. i am a mean girl.
i am a party animal.
oh that sounds cool! do you have a favorite song? mine is mean girls.
i am a party animal so i like to go to the movies
i don't think anyone thinks they sound better in the shower than i do.
i am in florida. i have been to california once.
i am doing great! how are you?
what are your powers?
that is not good. do you have a super power?
super strength to stop time. i live in the cloud.
i am sure you will have a great time.
i live in the cloud
i am a little bit lonely, so i am not really sure what that means
i am so lonely. i am a little girl and i have no friends
i am doing great, i love to do the gym
wow, you must be very smart! do you do any sports?
oh that sounds like a great job
i love hiking. i love to go to the gym and exercise.
parrot, what is that like?
that is awesome, parrots would be so cute
that is awesome, i would not want to get my hair cut
i have a lot of short hair so i don't need to buy them.
i love all rap music. do you have a favorite?
i have a step child and i am expecting triplets.
do you have any children?
that is so sweet, i have a step daughter
haha, i am sure they would love it.
i am not sure. i am in the us
i have a cat named charlie. do you have any children?
good, i am just relaxing. i just finished my yale degree
i am in school right now, i have a business degree, you?
i have been in business for a while now. what is your favorite thing to do?
he sew clothing, and he was an art teacher at yale.
i am a banker. i love to spend my money.
yes. i have never been outside of new york. do you like to travel?
oh wow. i am a financial banker at yale.
i am not going to school right now. i just want to become a banker
good, how about yourself?
that is fun! i have been to disney world every year since i was a kid.
i am the same way about candy. i love chocolate chip cookies
well, do you like to play sports?
i am a student at disney world. do you have kids?
that is funny. i love to sing to my friends.
oh wow, that is awesome!
i like to sing to my friends.
i am doing well. what about yourself?
i like to work in my garden
i love to play games. i love playing role playing games.
i am an animal lover, but i hate working at home
i like them. do you like to role play
that sounds like fun. what is your favorite color?
i am in college too. i just have an internet addiction
i like playing video games, but i hate them! i am addicted to role playing.
hi there. my day is good. how about you?
i work at the gas station. i am a receptionist. i love it!
that is why i work with my hands
i understand. i am sorry you had to go through that.
what do you like to do for fun?
i love my family, i was adopted when i was young.
i know. i am so sorry about that.
oh no, my father used to try to set me up with a lion.
i am good thanks for asking
i love playing with my family, i play with my father
oh i see. i have to exercise to stay in shape
that is a good profession to have.
fun! do you have any family?
i have been here for a while, but my dad is an electrician
oh no! i have been playing with my son.
i am doing great, just got home from the hospital. how about you?
that is nice. i walk 3 miles every morning.
i am reading a book. you?
both, but i am excited. do you have any hobbies?
do you like disney?
that is great i like to read and relax.
oh i love it here. i walk three miles everyday
i like the smell of it. what is your favorite color?
great! how about you? i am good. i have a dog and two kids.
i like reading to relax too. i have been playing chess.
i work at a vet office.
i am single. i don't have any kids
i love my dogs and bubble baths
no, i am still single with 2 dogs, how about you?
i love going there, too. i have a few dogs.
same here! have a great day!
i have. it is a great time.
i don't. i work in the us postal service so i am busy
i am in my 20s, how about you?
oh that is not so bad, my dad drove a car for a few hours.
wow! i work for the postal service. i have a german shepherd.
i am single as well, and i have a dog. he is named barny.
my dog is a german shepherd
i am good, hows your day going?
i am a banker, so i have to stay busy with my business school.
i like that idea, maybe we can invest together.
yes! i love going out with friends and family.
that sounds fun. i am a bank teller, but my parents are very wealthy.
it was good talking to you as well
thanks for the chat, i am going to go to business school.
i am a financial analyst for a bank.
i am going to the gym. i am so tired. i am working out.
that is cool. i like to run in the gym
i love to run. do you have any pets?
what kind of music do you like?
i like all kinds, i love to do the gym
i love the gym.
that is cool. i don't have any pets.
i have a dog, he is my best friend.
hello, i am doing well, and you?
oh, i love dancing! i do it every day, even on new kids on the block.
yes it was. i was a kid and saw up live as well.
i like summer too, but not as much as i like dancing.
i don't know what that is. i do like new kids though.
monopoly is a great game. i have not played in years.
that is great! i hope my dance class is as good as yours is!
i am doing well. just got done working out with my bmw. you?
i am sorry. my mom was overweight too, she is a nurse.
that is great! i am in business school. i want to go to business school!
thank you! i am excited to get started
sorry to hear that. what else do you enjoy?
i see. i was at yale. i graduated in 2011.
that is sad, i am sorry.
oh. i am sorry. i have never been religious.
great! just got done with my boyfriend.
my favorite fish is the orange one.
i am so jealous. my boyfriend and i have been dating for a year.
that sounds like a good way to relax
wow that is impressive! do you have any pets?
i love going out to eat. what about you?
no i don't eat anything that is not fruit. i like to drink orange juice
yes. i am a big fan of both
hi, i am good how are you?
oh, that is not good. maybe we should get together and play chess.
my two dogs. they are my best friends.
i don't watch tv, i am a dog person
i have two dogs. i love them.
i am. i play a lot of chess.
i am only 25. i am single.
yeah, i guess. i don't have kids either, i am a single man with 2 dogs.
i am good. what do you do for fun?
yes it is. my husband and i just bought our first home.
me too. what do you do for a living?
i like most of the big names, like meryl streep
i live in pennsylvania. where do you work?
nice. i am in pennsylvania.
i love my kids too, but i live with my husband.
wow, that is a long time. i have a husband and a kid
sure! do you have any hobbies?
i like all music, except country.
yes. i love all types of music
oh that is awesome! i want to move out soon, but i am 19.
i am 19, so my parents don't allow me to have pets.
yeah, that is why i am 19 and still living at home
no i am a hippy
me too! i am 19, and i am ready to move out
that sounds fun. i like to garden and walk outside.
i love to garden and walk outdoors too!
what do you do for a living?
i have a cat named george. what about you?
i agree! do you have any pets?
middle school, how about you?
oh, that is a big change. what else do you do?
that is cool, do you like to garden?
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i love basketball. what about you?
that is okay, i love music. what kind of music do you like?
i like to play basketball
i am an accountant.
that is good. i have been at the bookstore for a year now.
thanks. i hope you have a good one as well!
have a great night, and have a great day.
i am jane. i enjoy poetry, i read it often.
that sounds like a lot of fun. what is your favorite food?
spiders are not dangerous, but i would not say they are good.
i am a big fan of star wars and poetry
no. what is it about?
do you enjoy swimming?
i am a huge fan of star wars.
i would love to go to a pool
that is cool i am in school to be a therapist
do you have any hobbies
i have not. i have a passion for running though.
i have never ran before. but i do have a goal of running for the high school
no, i don't own a vehicle. what about you?
i would like to be a physical therapist one day
i am in high school. what do you do?
hi i am good how about yourself?
what kind of music do you play
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
what do you want to study? i have a hard time understanding french.
what kind of things do you learn in spanish?
thank you he is a soldier and i have to get a new job.
thank you. i have to work to make it all better.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i am great, thanks. i am just relaxing reading a good book. you?
i am a graduate student, so i have a lot of free time.
that sounds exciting. i am a graduate student, so i am not very busy.
yes i agree it is. i also enjoy kayaking.
no, i am a graduate student.
psychology. i have a masters in it
that is good. i am a psychology major at michigan state university
i like them. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing well, thank you! and you?
i am a farmer. what do you do?
that is cool. i am a farmer.
i love to paint and draw. i love reading too.
yes, but not very well
yes i love tacos
i like to watch the nhl and hockey games.
that is nice. i don't play any instruments. i love watching hockey.
no pets but i do have a motorcycle helmet
i have a motorcycle helmet and a big brown eye.
i am not into movies. i am more into sports. i am a waitress.
that sounds fun! i am a waitress. i love it.
that sounds like a lot of fun! i am a waitress at a cafe.
i don't eat much. i do have big brown eyes, though
do you have any hobbies?
oh wow! you must be very strong!
black and white, what about you?
i would not know. i don't work.
that is funny, i am more of a black guy myself
i have not done much since then. i am working at a watch dealer.
well, i was a kid, so my parents don't like it, but i love it
i am. i also work for a company that sells watches.
well i work for a watch dealer.
i think so, but it could be anything. i am not sure what to think.
i am good, how are you?
well, i am married and have a dog. you should come visit me.
yeah, my parents are crazy
i live in a 3 house and my husband is a doctor so we don't have much time.
i am a professional tennis player and i have a dog
i love to sing! i love to walk my dog and my family.
it is ok, i don't watch television.
i love singing. i also like to take long walks with my dog.
i am good, how about you?
me either, i don't have a lot of friends.
i have been working in a gas station for a few months.
i like all kinds of music. i am into folk and country. you?
i love listening to country music
i love to garden. i have a lot of hands, but they are terrified of clowns.
yeah i do. i work in the gas station
i am just watching tv
that is cool. what is your fave movie?
i love coffee! what kind? i have a big cup of coffee
i like coffee too. what do you do for work?
football is fun! i like skateboarding better. do you play any sports?
oh that is a good one. do you like skateboarding?
i will try that.
my name is mary, how are you
oh that is a good idea. i am a bit overweight though.
i have to wear my jeans to workout
that sounds boring!
i like listening to music too, especially country.
i love carrots
i like them too. i like green apples better.
i know i am so glad i don't have to buy a new phone.
i am from the united states. i am a teacher
i am in new york, how about you
me too. i am more into the older folk music.
i like gardening and walking outside.
i love dancing. do you go to church?
oh that is cool. i teach at a large school.
i live in the south. where do you live?
i am a woman, but i am a church woman. i teach the church.
hi there, i am a librarian, and i am retired now.
i have been to several. i have been to several different ones
i am a librarian so books are very important to me.
wow, that is impressive! i am a librarian, so i travel a lot.
oh that is awesome! i have never played guitar
that is cool i have not listened to his music since high school.
i like to go to the park, but i am a bit old to do that.
i have never been. i am a librarian so i don't eat much chocolate.
hey jefferson, i have no idea what you mean by that. i am a woman, so i don't use one.
i am good. i am a woman so i don't have much time.
that is nice. i like to run a lot.
oh no, i am so sorry.
what do you do for fun
broccoli is great for you! do you like sports? i like swimming.
i am excited to get back to running after a long weekend of work.
that is a good area, i love the area. do you have any hobbies?
i am great! just got back from a dance class
i am a hippie, and i love horses.
cool. i like hip hop.
i love to walk and bike.
they are a group from california. what is your favorite song?
that is great, do you have any hobbies?
i am a dancer. i am in a band. i have been on the radio for years.
hello! i am a poet, and i play football.
that is cool. i am not retired but have been playing football for a long time.
do you like star wars?
true. do you like star wars? i do.
i like the color blue and my star wars is my favorite
wow, that sounds like a great way to spend your time.
well i love star wars. what about you?
hi. i am in college and love it. what are your hobbies?
yeah i am still young and have a hard time adjusting to the new age
that is cool. i like to play with my imaginary friends. do you play any games?
yes i am, but i don't like it
i did but i don't like the work part.
i am a vet, and i am very happy with the job. you?
i don't know. i am a veterinarian.
yeah... i am sure that will change for the better
hello! i am good, how is yours going?
i live in alabama. i don't have any pets, but i am close to my brother.
i am in high school now
oh i love dogs too. i have one named maddie
that is a tough thing. what else do you like?
i have a few brothers.
i have a sister that is the same way.
yup, i like new things.
oh that is a bummer. i like to cook
i am larry. what do you do?
cool. i am more of a reader than a reader.
cool! do you like to read? i love to read.
that sounds like fun! i would love to do that. i like to cook
my hobbies are cooking, comics, and reading.
that is nice, i like to cook in my garden.
i am good. just knitting and eating pizza. how about you?
i have three dogs. i have a few cats
i am a very scared person, i am afraid of death
i don't like animals. i do like to knit though.
i like to knit and crochet.
do you have any hobbies?
i am not sure i just don't have a lot
i have a dog and he is my best friend
hi, i like to listen to music, i love all types of music.
that is awesome! i am sure they are great.
i am not good at it. i am more of a homebody. i travel the world
i have, it is really cold there.
it is. i also like to go to the beach and cook
i am not sure. i am going to try and figure that out. what do you do for fun?
bitcoin is cool. i am not very good with it.
sounds like a plan. you can have mine if you pay for it.
i am great. how are you?
i like star wars. what about you?
oh my. i would be so scared of that.
i don't think so. i like star wars
yes i do, i do it in the fall.
i am a huge star wars fan, what about you?
i am into coffee, especially the dark roast.
i do! what is your favorite food? mine is mexican.
that is awesome. i am in construction, and i work for a construction company.
i like coffee but tea is good. i also like nascar.
i love to garden, but i work in a construction site
i don't work, just watch nascar and watch the fights. you?
nice! i love to watch sports
i love to read and i am a student.
i like to watch sports too.
i am good. just got back from a night shift at the bar.
i work at a local club, and you?
that is cool i don't like the chicken but i like the dorms
that is cool. i work nights so i have a lot of free time.
you are very polite and courteous. do you like chicken?
wow that is a lot!
i am in college. i am going to be a nurse.
yeah i am, i am studying for nursing.
i am doing well, how are you?
i bet it was. i have always enjoyed it.
that is awesome! what do you do for a living?
i am in florida but i am in the city a lot
i am a big fan of pizza
shawarma is delicious! my father used to play the violin, so it is a favorite of mine.
i will have to look into it
that sounds delicious. i have a few old classics.
i love spaghetti!!! what do you do for a living?
i don't like cars either but i love working on them.
that is not good. i would like to go to a country concert on a yacht
i love to travel.
i love country, but i am not sure if i fit your lifestyle.
that sounds fun. i would like to get a vintage car one day.
hi, katrina, how are you?
triplets. i just moved in from the us.
i will have to think about it. i have never been.
i am a huge disney fan!!!!
that is cool, i am a teacher. i am expecting triplets.
that is a long walk
yeah, i have been to a few national parks. i love them.
hello! i am a retired woman and living a great life.
i have a few grandkids that i don't want to lose.
i am 53 years old. i have great grandchildren, and i can help them
i am sorry. do you have any children? i have three.
i am retired now and living the life.
that is sad. what do you do for fun?
that is good. do you have any children?
that is good. you have a good life
that is nice. i have a dream to be a physical therapist.
what else do you like to do?
i have to be in school to get that
that is awesome i love baseball
congratulations! what are your hobbies? i like running.
i think i am good looking. i won a homecoming queen last year
sure thing, i will add you
i am a socialite too. i love the gym and my family.
hello jefferson! i am a waitress, so i don't get holidays.
that is cool. what do you do for fun?
that is cool. i don't have a cat.
no, i did not have the time. my motorbike helmet is not very effective.
cool, what color is yours?
yeah i love them, i wear my helmet when i race
yeah i am a big safety guy so i try to be
that is cool, i have a big motorbike helmet that makes me look younger.
i am good, i am in a soccer game, how about you?
high school. i am in the first grade. how about you?
oh. that is cool. i am a high school student.
oh, that is great. i like to ride the bus
oh, i see. what kind of games do you like to play?
i know. i am going to be a soccer player.
yeah i think i am gonna go to college
i am trying to stay in shape for soccer. do you play any sports?
hi, i am great. just finished with my boyfriend.
i am doing great, just hanging with my pet fish, he is my best friend
i like the color orange, but i like the color of fish better.
what is your favorite color
i am not sure what that is
i work at an aquarium. how about you?
oh cool. i love the color orange.
i am a pa. i read a book every three months.
i am a nurse. i don't like the beach.
i am a pa, so i am always on the go
that is awesome, i am a full time mom of two.
girl.... i am excited.... i am a stay at home mom
i chose navy blue and a few other colors
i am pregnant with my first child and i am very excited!
he is a little annoyed, he has been working 3 jobs for me.
sure, i don't mind. i am retired and have a busy day at the soup kitchen.
i am a retired gym teacher.
i am retired now. i have a few cheeseburgers.
oh wow. that is sad. i am retired so i have time for volunteering at the soup kitchen.
oh, i don't know about that.
rob dryden is awesome. he is my favorite.
what do you do for fun
not too many years ago. i was a poor student.
hi darlene, i am great. i just got back from work, how are you?
no, i don't really have time for them. i do work at the nursing home.
you should try facebook it is a lot easier
i don't believe in god. i am very unhappy with life
my wife left me, so i am a hopeless romantic.
i don't believe in god but i don't know why.
no kids, but i have a wife and she left me.
i am not single but i am happy with my life
hi there, how are you?
what did she yell at you for?
i am only 22. i work as a watch salesman
oh. i have been shopping for new shoes and watches lately.
yes i do, but they don't support me
maybe, i am hoping my dad will buy me one.
they sure are. what kind of music do you like?
i am good. i am playing some ping pong.
i am sorry you feel that way. what do you like to do for fun?
that is terrible, i am sorry
oh that is sad. what are you doing?
no, i am a student, but my dad works as an electrician.
that is great. i am going to school for violin and guitar.
you can learn to do it with music.
i play the violin, and play the guitar.
i am great. how are you doing?
i am doing well. i am a activist. what do you do?
i am just watching a documentary
all kinds. i also like to go to animal shelters.
i have a cat named charlie.
i am in florida. i have my cats, but i am a vegan
because i am too old to say. i am an activist for animal rights.
well i am not old, but i am too young to know what it is like to be an activist
i am good. i am just trying to decide if i should get a new job or watch a movie.
i sell cars and watches
that sounds like fun, do you like your job?
i love pizza, and i am a big fan of shopping
oh. i work for a watch dealer here in ohio. what do you do?
oh, that is cool. my dream is to be a car dealer, but i am not that exciting.
i live in new orleans. i work as a watch dealer. what do you do?
hello! i am doing good. what is your favorite food?
i teach the homeless
that sucks. what are you looking for?
i understand. i am a pianist so i am always looking.
i am in my 20s, and you?
i am a 30 year old female
i am in my spare time, i am a teacher.
hi, i am watching the nhl and eating a salad.
oh, cool. do you have any pets?
i don't like sports but love to watch hockey
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
i wish my mom would.
i love folk music. i am a farmer, and my family loves music
i work as a farmer and my dog is adopted
i am a farmer and watch nhl games
i am not a customer, i just enjoy the game
i bet! i am retired, but i m still very much into it.
you have to try again. you have to win big. i have been retired for a year.
i do the same. i have been retired for a while, so i am more free.
i am a big gambler. i usually do it in the winter.
i like taylor swift. do you go to college?
i am sorry to hear that. i am retired, so my bills are not as bad
i am doing great, how about yourself?
nice, i have been drinking wine. my favorite. i am a wine fan.
yes it is. i like to watch sports with friends
i am a big wine drinker. i love it with my coffee!
i love fruit. especially grapes
i do like wine though, i drink it while i coach my little league baseball team
yes i do! i am a little old though, i prefer my wine
i like them too. do you like to listen to music?
hi, my day is going great. i am studying for a class.
i am more of a fish and chips kind of person
i am majoring in art history. i am going to visit europe soon.
that is interesting! i am a student at a very good school.
i like it too. i like the food and the girls.
oh, that is cool. i am a bit of an art major
what is your favorite dish?
i am great, and you?
i love to sing about the letters in the song i sing.
that is not good. do you like to sing?
oh, cool! i am 4, and my family has a farm too.
what is your favorite color?
thank you. what is your favorite food?
i will try. what are your hobbies?
i think that would be helpful.
hello! i am doing great. how are you?
i don't play sports, but i am a strong person. i can do anything.
i don't have a car.
i am sure it is not for everyone.
yes, i am strong for it.
i bet you have a lot of friends though
i have been drinking wine and dancing to it.
no, i was born in 1882 and lived for a very long time
yes i am. how are you doing?
cool. i am cooking dinner and fishing. i am really into cooking
i am more of a fish eater.
i love reading and cooking but love reading comics.
salmon is good. i like fish and i am a big fan of cooking.
that is great. i hope to become a fisherman one day.
i love cooking, but my love for comics is so much better.
hello. i am doing well. how are you?
congratulations! triplets are the bomb. i am expecting twins next month.
no they will be my step kids
that is good to hear. i am still in the country. where you from?
congratulations! i just moved to my first home.
i love meat but don't eat too much of it.
yes. i love my new home. i am very excited.
oh that is great i have a step child
i am great, how are you?
i don't like it but i am a vet so i understand
wow that is amazing. do you have a favorite animal?
the whole idea of it. i am not very social.
i am a big fan of the beatles, especially their earlier stuff.
cool. i am a vet and love it.
i am a vegetarian but i love animals
i don't like to go to the doctors, but it is better than nothing!
good, just got back from the theater, i see stones in concert every year
i am glad to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i am sorry to hear that, i am not married
i am going to have a family of five.
yes it would, but i also have a house and 2 kids so it is okay
that is awesome! what is your major?
you should teach them to eat healthy. i eat raw, no veggies, no grains.
i see them in concert a lot, i am not married though.
oh my. i bet you are very rich!
i work in the insurance industry. i love it!
it was not my fault. i was fired from my insurance job.
yes. i sell insurance. it is a very lucrative career
oh that is nice. my dad works in the insurance business, he is a veteran.
yes. it was tough for me.
it is but i don't mind it
what do you do for a living?
i am great. i am watching some cooking shows and eating hummus. how about you?
oh i am watching that too
i like cooking, i am a vegan and love it.
do you have any hobbies? i love to sky dive and swim.
i am a fan of the beatles
i don't like to swim but sky diving is fun.
i have seen that show before. do you watch any other shows?
yes it does but i love my hummus and my vegan lifestyle
i am doing well. how are you?
oh no, that is sad. i am sorry. i drive a mini van, i know how you feel.
i am sure it will not be too expensive, just make sure you are not over charging
oh i see. do you have a favorite color? mine is purple.
i like video games. i also enjoy playing tennis with my five sons.
i love wine but i prefer the stuff from a local place.
i love to drink wine while watching football
i am great! i just had a bubble bath.
i like to cook but i am not good at it
no, not married, but i love to cook. what do you do for fun?
what do you do for fun?
that is great, i have been traveling the world for a year
i have a dog that is my favorite food. i love to cook it.
that is great, do you cook for them often?
what is your favorite food?
hi i am good and how about you
that is a long time. i have short brown hair. you like it?
i am not much for taking public transportation myself.
i am sorry. i have a degree in math.
what are your hobbies?
soccer is great! i am a soccer fan too
i have a friend that is short. she is my favorite
yes, i have a lot of free time. i love to go out.
i have been to iowa a few times, i am from a farm.
yes, i do. we have a local church that is all about animals.
my husband is an avid bacon lover. i don't eat meat.
wow that is amazing!
i don't either, but i am a farm girl.
that is nice. i hope she is ok.
what do you do for a living
thanks, you too. good luck in life.
that is cool. i am a curator at my local library.
i do. my best friend lives in the city.
my hair is brown, but i don't like it. i love to drink tea.
i am a bit of a wine snob myself
i don't dance. i have a big library at home
i don't play but i like to read
no i don't. i am a blind person.
i am not sure. i am not sure what to do with my life now.
i am from the city of detroit
ohio is a great state to visit. i am from ny myself
that is cool. i love to go to the homeless shelter.
i love my job! i teach piano lessons
ohio is great. i am a piano teacher in ohio.
i have two dogs. they keep me company.
i like them too, but i am more into classical music
pizza sounds good to relax to. do you have any hobbies?
i don't play sports, i do like taking pictures
i am a teacher. i teach elementary and middle school
oh wow! i teach elementary. i love it!
no, but i am going to start soon, i am going to teach elementary school.
i am in new mexico.
no, but i love to take pictures. i would love to go to europe.
i am a female. i love photography.
i am good. how are you today?
yes i do. mostly for cooking
i love social media. i love to read and do coloring books.
i am in the midwest, where are you from?
not much into sports, i am into coloring books, and hockey
i just watch. do you have pets?
i love coloring and watching hockey. what do you do?
i love to watch hockey and watch sports on tv
hi there! how are you?
i am a little girl, but i don't have one yet
i do. i am a little girl. i am a cloud girl.
cool, i am just a little girl. i live on cloud.
no i don't, but my mom is a pro skier
yes i am, i am a super power user
i am a little girl and i love to make time stop.
i am doing good. just got home from the thrift shop i volunteer at
that is cool, i like to play video games too
i like the old school jeans
that is cool. i am into yoga
i am a big fan of volunteering at the local animal shelter
you should work out and then go to the shelter.
i do too. i listen to music while i am volunteering.
thank you! it is my passion.
i have been busy, my sister is cooking dinner.
hello, tracy, i am jacob. i like to eat tacos.
that is a lot. i have three sisters.
i love dogs! i love to cook them.
that is so sweet. do they have any pets?
that is awesome! what kind of dogs do you have?
my brothers name is john and i am named after my dog
wow, that is a great state! do you have any pets?
i am working on a robot for my body double.
that is cool. i am working on a game.
that is nice of you, i am not religious.
yes, i am a famous streamer. you?
i am a builder, i am currently building a robot.
it is a great game. do you play it?
hi, i am doing great. i just got back from a roller coaster. you?
yes, but i am in germany now.
i am an avid roller coaster fan. i love to swim.
that is great, i love rollercoasters.
oh i see, that is a shame. do you have any hobbies?
i love the sky diving and the rollercoasters. do you have a favorite place?
oh. that is pretty cool. do you like to swim?
i am glad you learned. i just moved from germany.
i am well. how are you?
i am 56, i have not seen my husband in years
no i am still in a bad mood and have not.
yes i have tried that. it is very relaxing
i have 2 kids and a husband that don't like meat
yes i am sure it can
what kind of art do you like?
i was a painter. i am now a housekeeper
i love photography too.
he does, he likes the prequels more.
i love to take photos
i teach elementary school
yeah. it was nice. i love teaching.
no. i do photography. i teach art.
money can definitely make the world go round, yes.
i teach elementary school, i am going to get a new camera soon
hi, i am doing well. how are you?
that is good. i hope to be a nurse soon.
that is a big change, do you have any hobbies?
that is cool i like college a lot.
what is your favorite food?
i don't have kids. i work at a bar.
ok bye
i will do that, thank you
i am good. just sitting here thinking about what i want to be when i am old.
i know what you mean! i love the cold!
i am not a fan of hats.
yes, but i want to be a physical therapist
wow that is amazing! i am a physical therapist so i want to be a professional.
i am not sure. i will have to ask my mom. she is my best friend
yes. my mom and dad are both in gymnastics and have been in a lot of competitions.
i am in high school, i just got accepted to college
hi! i am well, how are you?
my mom is my favorite character. she is my favorite.
that is a good idea i will do that
my favorite character is mickey, he is my favorite.
i am in the 3rd grade, what do you do?
oh, that is cool. i play with my friends.
i love to sing, especially to my friends!
well i don't like singing in the school choir
hi! i am not a fan of playing any instruments. i prefer books.
i love to travel and listen to music.
i am not really a reader. i love reading about the history.
yes i have been to france. i love it.
no, but i do love to travel and speak spanish.
english and you?
that is great! i hope to retire in a few years.
what are your goals? i want to retire from a librarian position.
i am good how about yourself
what do you like to do?
i like to wear my band tee. it is my fav.
oh. i don't eat meat.
cats are cool. i like to play video games.
i am a big fan of band shirts and ruffles.
that is a good look
i am great. i just got back from a mountain bike ride. how are you?
i like it, too. what do you do?
i am a coffee fan, so coffee makes it easy to go to country concerts.
i don't. my dad was a carpenter so i am into classic cars.
oh no! i have never been hit by a bike before. i am glad you are ok
yes. i am a huge fan of coffee, and mountain biking is my hobby.
that is awesome! i love drinking coffee while mountain biking.
hello, how are you today?
i am well, thank you! how about you?
yeah its really fun.
that is a great idea! do you have a job?
no its a game i am building.
that is cool. i like rock music
yes i did, i am a game designer
it is a game i am working on.
i did not go to high school, i did not.
oh wow! what branch?
that is cool. my favorite food is shawarma, but that is it.
no but i do enjoy helping people out in my spare time
that is awesome! what is your favorite charity
that is a good point. do you eat meat?
oh my gosh! what do you mean?
my grandfather was in the navy
i am great! i just got done watching friday. you?
i am from california. how about you?
i have a new job. i am a doctor.
i have two kids. they love social media.
what do you do for work?
i have a new job, but i am looking for something new
she is good at playing tennis. she is a pro.
that would be awesome. i will share on here when i get the job.
yes, i do. my favorite author is travis scott
that is fun. i have been looking for work at a restaurant.
i am sorry. i hope you can find something. what kind of restaurant do you want to work at?
oh cool. i am an artist
soccer is fun. i like to play basketball.
oh wow, i went to a small private high school.
cool. i am a waitress, so i am looking for work.
yes i am, how about you
the raptors. and i am going to be cheering for the washington wizards
what else do you do for fun?
i am so jealous. my children would love that
i have a cat named jasper. she is a black and white lab.
that is a good job. i have kids and dogs, and they keep me busy.
i am in florida, where in canada?
i have 2 boys. they don't like florida.
i am good how are you
sure, that would be awesome!
that is interesting. i like it too. do you like to mountain bike?
i am a huge coffee drinker, so i don't drink much.
i want to be a doctor
oh that is cool. i love music. i listen to it while mountain biking
yes. i don't drink alcohol so i am a bit more rational.
i am into biking and mountain biking. do you have any hobbies?
i am well, thanks for asking. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am also lonely. i don't drink soda.
i am sorry. i don't drink soda so maybe you can get some from my boyfriend
i don't know how you can be alone with that.......
well, that would be a problem.
do you like to walk? i do.
i like to walk my dog and take a break from eating.
that would be nice. i have to walk there sometimes too.
i am doing well. i am reading some books. you?
i do kayaking and kayaking are very fun
yes. it is very interesting. i am an avid reader.
i like to read a lot, and i am a big fan of psychology.
wow that is awesome. i love history. i have read about it a lot
that is cool. i love reading about psychology
that is very noble of you. do you have any other hobbies?
i have been there. it is very relaxing. i love reading
i am doing great. how are you?
it is fun! what do you like to do for fun?
yeah i love it too. i am also a huge gardener
i don't, i was adopted when i was young.
i love animals, i am a clown fanatic.
no i have not. i am terrified of clowns.
that sounds like fun. do you like working with your hands?
i love my job. my wife works at a gas station.
hi there, i am an old soul. i am retired.
i am retired now and i am a gambler.
that is cool. i don't like to eat candy but i am a gambling man.
i don't know if you are a dog person, but i would be happy to help.
what is your favorite color?
i do, but i don't gamble
me too! i have a huge chocolate collection.
oh wow! that is a lot of miles!
me too. i am a book worm. i read about all the time.
that is cool. i am a stunt double for my 2 jobs.
that is a little young. i am a stunt double. i do a lot of stunts
i read a lot of books, i am always reading
i was in a hospital room reading a book. i never broke a bone!
oh wow! that is a good book
that is great! i have a lot of books. i read 20 a year
i am great. i am listening to some rock music.
i am listening to rock music. you?
i have three, they are great horses
that is awesome! i am in the city now too, in the suburbs of detroit.
you will be there soon enough.
do you have any other hobbies?
cool. do you like horses? my dad has one, he is a farmer
i am sure she would love to have her work with taylor swift
hi nate i live in the usa
that is sad. do you have any pets?
oh that is great. i am a huge gym nut.
what did you do there?
i have a dog and i am bored
what do you do for fun
i am a gym goer. do you work?
yes i know but i don't have the energy
hello i am doing good, i like pasta. what is yours?
i like sushi too. i like to go out and get sushi when i am not drinking.
i like all kinds of music. i like the blues. you?
i am in college, and i am going to be a nurse.
no i don't have any pets
that is cool, i am going to school for nursing
i hope so! my best friend is a nurse, she helps out at a nursing home too!
just relaxing with my dog, and you?
i am watching tennis. i am a professional.
that is cool. i am a tennis player and my wife is a doctor.
yes, i was. i have a good relationship with my family.
no. but my wife and i are always looking for volunteer opportunities.
that is nice. i enjoy my wife and family.
i love my job, i am a doctor. what about you?
yes she keeps me very healthy
hello jerry. i don't have any fears, but my mother passed away when i was young
oh i am sorry to hear that. do you like it
that is a nice name. do you have any pets?
oh, ok. i have a cat named kj.
that is great! what do you do for work?
oh i see. i don't have kids either.
oh i am not either, but i am still searching for something new
i work in insurance. my dad was in the army.
i am great! i am a professional tennis player.
that is good. you should go for a run.
wow that is impressive. do you like tennis?
i have a 3 room house with 4 other people, so it is a bit crowded
i am really into katey perry, who do you like?
it can be. i have been working a lot.
that sounds like fun. i love helping people.
good! i just got back from a nice long drive listening to music. you?
i am a christian and i love to listen to classical music.
i listen to classic music
youtube is great, but my favorite is classical music. do you like it?
yes, it is. i am a believer in the bible. i love music
oh, that is a bummer! do you like any other music?
i like her music, but i prefer classical music
oh i love her too!
have fun! have a good day
i do, i am a professional construction worker.
i have one cat, and one dog.
yes, i do. what else do you enjoy?
i am an engineer. i have a big family.
that is great. what do you do for work?
that is nice, i build houses.
i am a construction worker.
i have a house that i build for my kids.
hello! i have a broken arm, i am a skateboarder, and i love to wear a hat.
i am sure he did. what kind of work do you do?
i like to skateboard. rob dyrden is the man
i like to skateboard. i broke my arm once.
it is, i have a lot of hobbies and i am always skating.
i will be cooking a lot of things, especially skittles.
i am in school to be a skateboarder, but i broke my arm.
i am rob. what do you do for a living?
yes, it is! do you know rob?
i am good thanks for asking
no, just me. my dog trooper is my only family.
i have a lab. he is a black lab. do you have kids?
he is active, yes, he loves hiking in the summer
i have not but i do like going to rock climbing
i love chocolate. i am a scientist and am always experimenting with new things.
that is awesome. my lab is black, so we could use a new dish.
i am good. how are you?
i am a sales man. i hate my job
i sell cars. i am a salesman.
i am sorry to hear that
you have horses? i am a car salesman.
i love all music, what is your favorite?
i am not very good at english.
i like rock as well, but i am a bit of a diva.
i do. i spend most of my time on fb.
that is good. i am a nursing home manager.
oh that is cool. i have a sister too. she left me.
my wife left me and i spend all my time on facebook.
i love to play tennis, i don't play much else
that is awesome. do you work
yes, i listen to music while i am working at the nursing home.
what do you do for a living?
good. i just got off work from my part time job at the burger king
i love britney spears!
oh that is cool! what is your hobbies?
i know what you mean. i work part time so i can spend more time with friends.
yes i agree. i love burgers, but i am a bit addicted to drugs.
my parents keep me chubby too. they are so supportive!
i am in my last year of grad school
i am 19. i cannot wait to move out.
hi there, i am a shoplifter and you?
i am in my 30s. do you have kids?
yeah, i am going on a cruise.
that is great. i am going to shop tomorrow.
i don't like being told i am old.
i am not going to shoplift for a month. i am going to shop at my mom tomorrow.
i am here for shoplifting, and i am not old. i am just here for the store.
maybe. i hope so. i am not very good at it.
i am sorry to hear that, what happened?
i am a stunt double for a movie. i never broke a bone.
i don't know. maybe you can try to see a doctor.
i am a stunt double, i can do stunts!
what kind of farm do you work at?
yeah, i have been here a while now.
you will get there! do you have any hobbies?
i have been cheated on by my dad twice.
great, just got home from work. i have been practicing my buddhism all day.
well i have not talked to my family in three months
i live in alaska and i have not spoken to a person from there in three months.
i have tried it, but it does not help me focus.
i have not talked in a while. i have been busy with meditation.
i am ok, i am a buddhist and meditation helps me. you?
i am so sorry. do you like buddhism?
i am not. i am a buddhist. what do you do?
i am doing great. i am watching a documentary on cheeseburgers.
i don't, i don't really like sports.
that is awesome, do you work? i am retired, i have a retired gym teacher
i watch documentaries about the history of cheeseburgers. you?
that sounds nice, i am retired now so i have time to do that
i am well, thank you. what do you do?
same to you.
hi! i am good. just got done walking three miles.
what is your favorite book?
i like the holidays, especially the holiday ones!
i am from california. what about you?
i love the walk and walking my three miles every day.
i love to read, especially books
yes, a hospital. i love it, and i work there
i am a cubs fan. what do you like to do for fun?
wow, that is amazing! i have been working on a robot that will be my body double.
i like twitch too. i am a famous streamer
that sounds fun. i am working on my own robotics project.
i have a job designing games for a robotics company.
do you work at a restaurant?
i don't like them... but i am working on a robot to be my body double.
i was. i was working on a game called starcraft.
i don't. but i love the book that i read every day.
a dislike for something. i have been reading since i was a baby.
i am 19 and i have two kids
i like to read. how about you?
i am pregnant.
i want to be a journalist, i love to read.
i do too! i also enjoy reading a book a night. what do you do?
i don't have any pets
i am good how are you?
oh i see, do you like to travel? i love traveling
i don't have any. i love horses though.
well i am a vegan so i don't eat meat. do you have any hobbies?
my mom raised me on a farm. i love the outdoors
no i have to work a lot.
that is a shame. do you have any hobbies?
wow, that is a long time. i am only a few months older than you
i am good! what are your hobbies?
i love to bake, but i am not good at it
yes i love going out dancing
i have a dog. he is my most at home.
do you bake them yourself?
i have never seen it, but i do love dogs. i love to bake.
it is. i have to take my dogs to the dog park sometimes.
yes, i think it is, but it is not the only way to be
i am great, just listening to some rascal flats. you?
i don't listen much. do you like music?
that is great! i was in school a few years ago, but not as a country music singer.
i don't like that. i sing in a country band.
yes, i am a music fan
not really i just play the guitar
that is a little extreme
yes i do, it helps me to see the world from the perspective of an artist
i am good. what do you like to do?
for 2 years now. do you have a favorite band?
i love to listen to the who, you?
i like to listen to music, my favorite band is the who.
yes it is. i also like the beatles.
i have no idea, i don't think i am very interesting.
no. it is not fun. i have never been out of ohio.
yes i do i am just not a good cook
i am good, how are you?
i don't cook, i like to cook, but i love to fish
i am a chef and love to cook!
i am a cook and i love cooking but i don't eat much of it.
no not at all, i don't have much free time. i am in school.
i like to cook but i am not good at it
mine are batman and superman.
hello rob, i am jane. i am doing very well, thanks.
i don't work, i am studying a language right now.
what are you studying?
i like to read books, but also watch movies
i have been to kansas a few times. i am going back to france.
what do you do for a living?
what are your hobbies? i like to study languages.
i am doing okay. just got back from a long drive.
i am doing well. just got home from the humane society.
it was a very old horror movie, like the original.
yes there are. i am not a big fan of them though.
that is a very good genre.
i like horror movies.
my dad used to work for home depot, but now he is a mechanic.
no but i do love to watch horror movies
what did you do? my dad used to work at home depot.
hello. how are you doing today?
well i paint, i like to do my nails
i like to paint and i like to paint with my hands.
i am 56. do you have any hobbies?
i am a housekeeper.
i am a stay at home wife. i am 56. i have two kids, they are grown
i like burgers. i like to fantasize about taking over the world.
i am a big sports fan.
that is a good idea. what else do you do for fun?
oh that sounds rough. i have a hard time getting along with my spouse
i love horses too! do you have any siblings?
i know, it is a shame. i would love to have that color.
i will do that. i love to ride horses, i have a room for them.
nice! i like purple and lime.
oh, you married?
i am great. i am a teacher, and my job involves church.
that sounds like it would be a fun workout
i am a teacher, so i get to meet all of them.
you should try a diet. i teach at a high school and we all eat a lot of veggies.
that sounds like fun. i am a school teacher
yeah i love the whole thing
i love to go to church and have a sunday service.
i like dogs. my dogs are called jasper and pomeranian
i am good. i just got a new job
yeah i like to eat food, what about you?
yes i am a very sick individual so i don't like to eat.
i am a very clean eater.
it is. i do a lot of it.
i work at a restaurant as a life coach.
i am a life coach for children. i help them with their lives.
yes, i am a cancer survivor so i don't have much time.
hi i am great! my name is jane how are you?
i love country music too, what kind do you like?
yes. i like country. what is your favorite movie?
that sounds like fun, i am a mom, and i live with my husband in pennsylvania
oh, cool. i am a mom.
what do you do for fun?
i have to get to work early tomorrow so i can get some sleep.
i have a dog, too. she is a pit bull.
i am michael, i am also a bee farmer. how are you?
i don't have any hobbies, but i do love to eat. i love papaya!
i love fishing. my favorite thing to eat is papaya. you?
i am a bee farmer, i don't have any family.
yes i do. i am a comic book fanatic.
i love him too. what is your name?
sounds fun, i am a bee farmer.
i like to eat pizza, but i don't have any siblings. i have a bee farm.
i am great, how are you?
i am a cook, i love cooking but i also love fishing
that is cool. what do you like to cook?
i am not sure. what is that?
well i am also a fisherman and love to cook
i like to cook and fish but i am not a good cook. i like to fish.
i am sure you have a good life.
i am doing great. i have been spending time browsing the internet.
that is good. i am just browsing the internet on my roof.
that is nice i am into all that
i am a feminist, so i don't agree with trump
oh cool! what do you like to do in your free time?
that is nice of him! what is your major?
i am a feminist, so i don't really have time for charity.
i am a feminist and love to help animals.
yes. i am. i am a coach at the local pool.
hi dirk i am sam. i am well. i am also a swim coach at the pool.
it is death metal. i am a big fan. i coach the local pool.
no i don't live near water
yeah it is a great job
thanks. i am from india. i love the culture as well.
i am a big death metal fan.
i am not. but i am a big family.
i am good. watching cooking shows.
i am from germany
i love the sky diving. do you have any hobbies?
i have been here for 2 years now, and have been vegan for a year.
oh yes!! that would be so fun!
you too. i just moved here from germany.
they sure are, but i like the ones in germany.
you too. do you have a favorite food?
i am doing great! i just got done swimming with my kids. how about you?
i like all bands. what is your favorite?
i like them too. i am studying to be a computer programmer.
i coach a local pool. i am studying to be a computer programmer.
oh cool. i am studying computer programming.
that is good. my family is very traditional
i am studying computer programming. i don't know how to swim.
i don't, i prefer to eat healthy
hey, i am 19, i just moved to new york and am looking forward to moving.
that would be awesome. do you have any hobbies?
oh, well i am 19.
that is what my mom said she wants me to do
thanks! what do you do for fun?
i understand that. i am 20.
that sounds like fun i am 19.
i work full time, so i have to take a lot of time to get things done.
hey i am from austin texas.
yes i did! i am a dental assistant.
i am sorry. do you like music? i love travis scott.
yes they are i am looking for a job in a restaurant
that sounds like a fun job. i am currently looking for a job
yes, they came in the mail. do you have any hobbies?
she is my best friend and i love her
sorry to hear that. what is your fav band?
hi! i am doing ok, but i am not great.
oh i am a swimmer.
that is awesome. i just moved here from germany.
i love it. i moved here from germany.
i am a vegan so i love the outdoors!
that is awesome! i love meat, especially hummus.
i agree. do you have any hobbies?
i am a nurse. what do you do?
hello. i am great! i am just hanging out studying my languages.
i love horses. i am learning spanish, and i am learning how to speak it.
i am studying spanish and you?
nice i am studying spanish
that is cool. i am learning a little spanish myself
it means that i play guitar. what do you do?
i am a musician. i play guitar.
i am doing great. i have been eating a lot of vanilla ice cream.
i am 32, i love the winter time, and i have two cats.
i have two cats and two dogs.
i have a few cats, i am sure they are nice.
i like to play with my cats and my hats
i have been playing the winter olympics
i work as a hair stylist at the moment.
i am not fond of winter. it is too cold for me
i am, thank you. i am george, how are you?
its nice here. the weather is good here. i am in the midwest
i don't. i don't know how to garden.
do you like italian food?
i am from california. how about you?
i have been to italy a few times. i am a bee farmer there.
i work in a farm. i love to be a farmer.
i am rob and i have two dogs and a cat.
i do, i am a party animal. i like to help out. do you work?
no, they don't care. my cats and dogs are my responsibility.
you are adopted?
that is good to hear. do you have any pets?
that is cool! i have a cat and dog.
i don't know much about dogs, i have never had one.
not much just got back from my shift at the food bank. you?
i am great, how about yourself?
i am a plumber and i don't know if i could do that
i am sorry to hear that, i love chocolate ice cream, it is my favorite.
i like to watch movies too. my favorite is the last of the mohicans.
i am a plumber, i am married, my wife and kids make me happy
i will try to. i love chocolate ice cream, so i will try.
i have three kids and i have a wife.
i have 3 kids and 3 kids
i am from pennsylvania. where are you from?
i like cooking too, but i prefer to read books.
i like documentaries. i have been on a few of them.
i am pregnant. so i have been working a lot.
what kind of books do you read
i am not sure yet. i am not sure what gender i am attracted to either.
thanks, i hope so to!
a new one, i am a teacher
i am doing great! how are you?
congratulations, what kind of house are you looking for?
thank you. i do my best to keep fit. do you have any hobbies?
that is a lot! i am a cancer survivor so my bank account is very limited
i am a cancer survivor. i have to eat healthy to survive.
i am not very athletic. my parents are both very athletic.
oh that is awesome! i am not athletic, so i don't play sports.
hey there hows it going?
i am a waitress, but i am looking to open my own restaurant
i work at a taco stand, i am a waitress. what do you do?
yes i do, do you have a car?
oh yeah? i have never been to alabama.
oh, i see. you wear helmets? i do.
i am a bit of a soccer player. i like to watch it.
i agree. i love yellow, it is my favorite color!
i don't like sports, i prefer to stay home with my family.
i work for a coffee shop and love star wars
me too. my favorite coffee is starbucks. i am addicted.
i read it a lot. i also like poetry.
i don't watch much tv
what else do you like?
i do it for a living.
i am great. what are you doing?
sorry to hear. i am a manager at a grocery store.
oh no!! i hope you find him soon
no she is just a person with a very short temper.
wow!! i bet they are a handful!!
thanks. i am going to go drive to a music festival later.
i feel pretty good. i am excited about it.
thanks, you are too kind.
thank you. i am so happy for you
i think i will. i am going to drive my nissan pathfinder to the store.
hi, i love taylor swift!
i am into cars, i have a black ferrari, i love it. you?
nice. i like watching movies on tv. do you have a tv?
i love to dance and drink wine
that sounds amazing. i am not sure if i would like that place.
me too. i dance in the moonlight and drink wine.
i am sure you are right. i am going to drink some wine to relax.
i don't drink, but i do dance and dance in the moonlight.
i am great. just getting ready for work. how are you?
yes, i would love to be able to teach you how to dance.
that is cool. i was a little kid and loved the old rubik's cubes.
i am a teacher. i love to teach kids new dances and dance moves
i am a dancer. you dance or drink or smoke or anything?
what do you do for work?
i love dancing, i love to dance with my kids.
hi! i am good. what are you doing?
oh wow... i am a cook. i make a mean chicken wing.
i am a ballerina. do you like dancing?
yes, i have two siblings.
i have been there before and i am sorry. what is your favorite color?
he is very good to me
i am a waitress at a restaurant
i do. i am in the united states now.
hello. i love to go to the gym.
yes, that is why i am a poker player.
i have a girlfriend. i have been dating her for a year now.
i live in california. what about you?
that is nice i am a stay at home mom
me too. i spend a lot of time watching tv and cars on the side.
i love gambling, but i spend a lot of time watching tv.
what do you do for work?
great, i am just chilling at the national parks
it is fun, but it gets old.
i am not sure if she is. i have been playing guitar since i was three.
i have always wanted to go to the park and sing. i sing country
i bet it is. i sing country music, but my dad is a cop.
i love to sing, country, and play guitar.
well, i sing country songs, and i love to sing, and also play the guitar.
i don't play any, i am a gymnast. i love italian food!
wow that is impressive. i like to work out
i am not a recluse, i am a gold medalist and have a lot of friends.
not really. i prefer to watch gymnastics
i like to eat food that is not yellow
i love to watch videos. do you like to dance?
no i am not sure i am just a gold medalist
people are people. i like to watch sports, especially gymnastics
i hope you will do great! i was raised in a bad household so i have a hard time
i don't eat meat. i am a vegetarian.
its a brand. i have one on my feet, and one on my hands.
it is a lot of fun.
for a few years, but it has gotten old.
sounds great. i have a big garage with all my cars
i would not know. i am a single parent.
yes. i would rather not have my family around.
its pretty good. what do you do for fun?
i like to sing the songs from frozen, but i am not a musical person.
wow, that is a lot. i am a kid myself.
i like to sing to my friends.
i like to go and watch disney movies with my friends
yes, i love my parents.
that is a good movie, my favorite is frozen
no but i do love taking over the world!
i am not sure i understand you.
yeah it is a great place to go
i like to take care of my kids and husband.
i don't know. maybe one day. i have two grown kids.
i will have to look that up. i don't know much about it.
i would like to visit france. i have two kids and two grown children
i am good. how are you?
cool! i just got back from a long drive.
oh yeah? i love the classics, especially classical.
yes, it is soothing. what kind of music do you like?
i bet! what do you like to do for fun?
i am. i have a lot of patience for people who are not.
that is nice. i love classical music. what kind of music?
what did you do for work?
great! i just got back from a volunteer work day with my local animal shelter.
i don't play, but i do donate to the navy
they don't, but i love them.
that is fun too. i love to volunteer my time at the animal shelter.
oh wow. i am not much of a translator.
i love to go for walks and take my dog for a walk
yes, i was. i am a navy brat. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that, do you like it when it gets cold?
i am good, how are you?
oh nice, i work at the gas station, and my father keeps trying to set me up on blind dates
i grow flowers and herbs
oh that is sad. what do you do?
about 10 years now. i have a job at the gas station as a cashier.
yes, he has a lot of power and influence.
i was adopted at a young age and i had to grow up with it
it was, but i am glad i found something to do with my life.
i like classical music the best
my sister is a pole dancer and i am a christian
she does. she is a great artist. what is your favorite color?
i am a teacher. i love classical music.
i am a christian, i am used to it.
i would not want to jump on your sister pole dancer
i have a brother. he has a broken ankle.
i love classical music. i am a christian, but i am not.
i am an old woman, but i am a buddhist.
oh wow! do you have any hobbies?
i love blue too, what is your favorite color?
i am not a pill person. i meditate and meditate.
that is awesome. i have a job as a buddhist.
it is peaceful, peaceful... just like here.
i am an accountant, but i have been thinking about starting a religion.
i work for a buddhist organization.
no, but i love to keep a small hat collection
i try, but i have a lot of hat collections
oh, i bet. i have two cats, and they keep me busy.
it is hard for me to eat ice cream. i have a weakness for it.
i know i am so hungry i have 2 cats and 2 cats
yes. i love to knit hats and have a lot of them.
its okay, i have 2 cats.
oh, do you like winter? i do.
hello! no, i don't really care about that. do you?
that is sad. what is your favorite color?
i am a teacher, and i am a bit of a photography fanatic.
i like taking pictures of my favorite subjects, like photography.
i would love to see a photo of that.
no. i don't have any pets.
yes. i am a teacher and i love it.
i am not sure, i would not be able to.
i am great. i am just sitting here on my yacht.
i have a boat, it is really tall
i am sure they would love it. i have been traveling the world.
i like to watch that. i have been making it all day
i am not a big cook but i love to cook.
i am in cali. i am in florida too.
it is very fun. do you like cooking?
well i do love to cook but i am not good at it
hi i am doing great how about you?
i am not familiar with that. what kind of help do you do?
i love cold weather. i have never been out of ohio.
i love to travel.
that is cool! i don't play any instruments but i love pizza!
i work at a supermarket. i have never been to ohio.
i have never been to ohio but i have heard its beautiful.
it was good. what else do you like?
hi! my parents taught me how to be a good survivor
i have always wanted to try one of those.
i am a student. i am in a lot of classes.
i am a graduate student in social sciences
i am a student. i want to be outdoors more
i like the ones where they are on the beach
well i am a graduate student, so i am really passionate about it all
that sounds fun. i like kayaking, i don't have much time for racing.
i am fine. how about you?
nice i am drinking a chocolate bar
i play a lot of ping pong, you?
i like to go out on my mountain bike too.
it is really interesting. do you speak other languages?
i like the color blue. what is your favorite food? mine is chocolate.
i speak italian, french, and spanish.
no, my dad was an electrician and taught me how to play the piano.
hi i love to socialize and watch tv
i love to go to the gym and socialize, but i am not very good.
i like hiking, but i don't like the gym.
i work at the gym.
i drive a prius, what kind of cars do you like?
that sounds nice. do you have a car? i love to drive my car
i like to go to the gym to get fit.
i have a relationship but i have been in one for a few years
sure! i love country music!
i have a lot of cars, and two vintage mustangs.
i don't. do you?
that is cool i have two dogs.
i love listening to rap.
i agree! he is a great guy! i am sure he will be great to you!
i love country music. what do you eat?
i know, but it is what it is.
i work at the same company as you, but i am a girl and work in it
i like music, i play the violin
i am from florida. i have been here since i was a teenager.
i have been in the us for 15 years.
no i don't have time for hobbies. i work all the time
yes, that is true. i don't like to talk about it.
that is a great way to spend time!
no, i have not been to india. what do you do for fun?
i am jane, how are you?
wow! i have never heard of that place before.
i am a librarian. i love to travel
i do. i like all kinds of music. what do you teach?
i will be 60 in a few months. i am retiring in 6 years.
i have not been able to travel for a while.
i am from the united states. i live in florida.
yes i do. what do you do for a living?
not really i like all horror
i have seen those too, they are so good. i am more of a horror person
i am a farmer. i raise cattle.
i am a senior and i have been in law school for decades.
i am in high school too! what do you do for fun?
i hope so too, i have been raising him on a farm.
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
hi, i am a student in college. i love to eat paella.
oh, i love traveling! i go to europe once a year, and i love it!
i like to cook paella and fish and chips, but i am not good at it.
that is not healthy. i love to eat fish and chips.
i like to cook paella. what kind of food do you like?
i am a history major, i go to a college in italy
i love to cook paella, i have a weakness for fish and chips
i am good. just came back from shopping.
i work at a retail store, what about you?
i am in a detention center. i feel so old.
shoplifting, i shop for things i need to be in a store.
i would like to be a lawyer.
i don't think that i would like it if i did not go back.
i love pizza. i shop at taco bell and taco bell is my favorite
i have two children. they are young, they never see the world.
i am a painter. my wife and i enjoy painting together.
i used to be a painter before i got married
i used to play basketball, but now i am a stay at home mom.
my kids and i like to play video games.
do you like to paint
you are an amateur? you should try painting.
not at all. i would love to take over the world though.
hi, i am good. just listening to some rap music. you?
what kind of exercise do you do?
i am a music production artist.
i will try, but i don't know how to make a website.
haha i understand that! i am a music producer
i am fine thank you
ll, i love the outdoors!! i love rap music!!
you will be okay, just be patient.
oh i see. i have lived in pennsylvania my whole life.
oh, sorry to hear that. do you have a family?
nice, i am a waitress, so i am used to reading.
i live in the mountains and i can see it well from there.
cool! i like to watch motorcyclists and race
i like to watch races
i have a motorcycle, and i use it to go to the bars.
yeah it is my fave color
i am good, listening to some music.
i have never been, i would rather listen to some country.
that is cool. what do you like to do for fun?
what do you do for a living
i have a few. i love country music
sure. i like country music, and i also like to listen to country music.
sounds fun! what kind of role playing?
hi i am doing great how are you?
i am very lucky, i have great grandchildren.
yes, i remember those days.
i am very healthy, but i have been on a very unhealthy diet.
i am retired now. my kids and grandkids are helping me out.
i like to go to the park and play.
i have never been to wine country.
i am a very healthy person
hi, i am well and you?
i am sorry. that is hard. i am single and have two dogs.
what are your hobbies?
i am single and don't drink alcohol. i don't like to drink
huskies are so cute. i have a dog. i don't drink
oh wow. do they like to be with you? i have dogs
i have two dogs, do you have pets?
i am sorry you are sad.
i am good just watching tv with my k
i would love to. i am not a big fan of fast food
that is a long time. i have a goal to be a physical therapist.
i am in high school and want to be a physical therapist
that is awesome, my mom is in highschool. i am still in high school.
what else do you enjoy?
oh okay. i have a dream of being a physical therapist one day
lol. what do you do for fun
hi. i enjoy american sports and work for a large company. you?
i love tea! what kind of tea do you like?
no i don't read much i work for a company and work in it
i have read it. it is a good book, and i love the color blue.
christmas is a great time. i love christmas.
halloween movies are fun! my favorite movie is probably the conjuring
what do you do for a living?
yes i do i have a dog
i have 2 dogs, 2 cats and 3 dogs
oh that is a lot. do you have a lot of dogs?
i have to work. i am trying to get a job.
i am sorry, do you have any brothers?
i love chocolate ice cream.
i am a girl, i am not sweet, i like tacos.
i like dogs and dogs love me!
i am good thanks. what do you do for a living
from new jersey, i was raised by my grandfather in the us army
i am going to be a navy brat.
i am not a pro, i am just a humble soldier.
you should try. it is very rewarding.
absolutely, i would be careful with what you buy in the army
thank you for your service, i am glad you have made a change.
i would love to. my grandfather was in the wwii
i am good. just listening to some music. you?
i am doing the same. i just started playing the guitar. i love it.
yes i love country music and guitar
i have a pink guitar. i use it in the country
you should try to get into it then. it is a great way to relax
i work in a warehouse. what do you do for work?
yeah, i have been to every state except alaska and i have been to the west coast
yeah it is. i was raised by a family of musicians
hi, i am good. how are you?
i am in my 50s. i am a stunt double. what do you do?
yes i love it, what do you do for a living?
i like to read, and eat a lot of meat.
i like wine too. i don't drink.
no, not really. but my second job is to act in tv stunts.
yes it is, i love reading, but have never broken a bone.
i am doing great. how about you?
i am singing to myself from the frozen movie.
what do you do for fun
yes i am a huge disney fan
he is a good kid. i have been to disney world every year.
do you have any pets?
a writer, i am a writer and i am very talented.
i like disney. what do you do for fun
it is a lot of fun. i have never done it before.
hello, how are you today? i am well.
i am a robot and live on the farm. i am famous!
yeah, i like to watch it, what about you?
oh. i don't know much about electricity. do you like to travel?
that sounds fun. do you like to watch tv? i like the game of thrones
i love it too, but my allergy to water makes it hard.
i am trying to make a robot to be my body double.
i watch a lot of youtube videos.
i am jenny and my name is jenny.
i work at a school as a teacher
that is interesting. i am a teacher, i have kids
i am married to my step child.
wow that is great! do you have any children?
i have not yet, what do you do for fun?
i love spain, i am in the usa.
i love orange. my favorite color!
oh wow. i am in my mid twenties.
they are pretty big, but they don't eat much fish.
i would have to say so. i am a very mature person
i am ok, but my girlfriend is mad. i just got a new girlfriend
yes please
haha, well i was young and i did not want a fish!
no i don't have time to be married
why did you want to marry someone who does not love you
i don't like it either, but my addiction keeps me going.
i love to role play and i like to play games online
i am sure it is, i love to role play
i don't. i am not very social. i am always playing games. you?
i am not sure. i don't have a lot of time to practice.
a lab. do you like animals?
i am good, how are you?
i love singing to the tune of my favorite song, mickey mouse!
wow that is a long time
oh, i am in the third grade, so i am a little behind on things.
you are welcome! i have always wanted to go to disney
i love singing. what about you?
i am not much of a movie person
i have seen that one! it was great!
i am a construction worker.
i am a construction worker, my cats are very special to me!
i am also a teacher. i am a construction worker.
yes i have cats and a dog.
yes, they keep me busy. i am also a construction worker
yes i am married, my parents are not too fond of them.
that is a good thing to think about.
he passed a few years ago. i have five cats
i am good. i just got back from a long trip. you?
i am an accountant. how about you?
oh wow, i would like to learn some day
i love the ocean, and my wife loves to surf.
i love animals. i am 23, and i am currently on a boat.
i am 23. i have been married for 23 years.
do you have any hobbies? i enjoy cooking
i am sorry. i have a wife. what do you like?
not really, but i do love to knit. do you have any hobbies?
i love cookies. i have a craving for them.
i would like to see them in the states too
i have a dog, he is so loyal
no. i love to knit. do you?
knitting and baking! i am obsessed with it.
i don't work but i do love to knit
i am doing well. knitting a new sweater. you?
hello. i am in high school.
no, but i have a son. i am a stay at home dad, he is in high school
no not really i like to stay home
i don't think so. he is in high school now.
me too. i love to go to the movies
yeah i have a lot of kids so i am always at home.
i am a stay at home dad so i don't have much time.
i am doing well, thank you. i am just looking for a new home.
my goal is to be a bank teller in 2 months.
no, just regular stuff. i am still young. i just got my first home.
i am a bank teller. i am hoping for twins too.
i am a vegan and work in a bank so i don't have kids yet
that is a good point. what do you do for fun?
i am a bank teller, so i have a lot of it around.
that sounds like fun. i am not a big eater.
i like to walk my dog, and i am married to a doctor.
that is cool, what do you like to grow
i don't have a dad but i do have a wife and kids
that is great. i am a tennis player, i love it
i am a professional tennis player. i make a decent amount of money
oh that is sad. do you have pets?
it is not? i am a professional tennis player. i make a lot
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i am ok. i am in the city.
i have not taken any since i stopped using them
i have to take them to get my prescription for vision
yeah, i have been clean for a long time
i grew up on the farm. what about you?
i like being a city dweller
i am a recovering alcoholic
i am great! just got home from work, and you?
where do you live now? i just moved into a house.
i do, triplets! triplets are the cutest thing.
yes! i am excited to move to germany. i just moved here last month
i just got back from the beach. i just got a new place to live.
that sounds interesting. i work at a school, but my kids are a bit young.
my kids love hummus too.
i am great. how are you doing?
i do, i have a cat named george
i love spiders and i love comics.
i love purple. do you have a favorite color?
i don't watch much nascar, i like cooking though.
i work at a restaurant as a chef
me too! what kind of food do you like?
no i am a single parent. how about you?
hi, kim here, i am a gold medalist olympian
i am in gymnastics.
well i am not fat, i am very lean. do you work out?
yeah, but i am not a gymnast
oh no! i hope you can find someone to love you.
that is a good idea, maybe i should do that.
i love italian food and garlic bread. i am also an olympian.
hello, i like to go to church and read the bible. you?
i am a female and i am pretty skinny too.
that sounds great. i teach in my church
lol, i am a girl, i wear jeans and a skirt.
yes!! i have a short blonde hair too!
i am a high school teacher, i love my students.
i love to walk too, but i am not a gym goer.
wow, i grew up on a farm.
oh wow. i am a recovering alcoholic.
i have a few of those.
oh my! i am sorry! i am on some medications.
that is cool, i live on a farm.
that is not very nice
that is cool. what kind of powers does he have?
i like to take medications and see things
i am doing great, i love mountain biking
oh that is nice. i like mountain biking myself
i am a big coffee drinker, but i like the color pink!
i am not a big drinker. i don't know if i could handle that.
i love the color pink, and i like to drink it
i love to drink coffee. i don't drink. i like mountain biking though
my mom does not drink, i don't like her either
oh, i am so sorry to hear that.
i am good, just practicing my piano. how are you?
i have a job as a custodian.
i play the piano, i am also a guitar player.
that is awesome. what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
my mom does, she supports my dream to make it big
that is nice. my parents are not very supportive of my dream.
i love my kids! they are so smart.
not really, i don't have much time to play. i play the piano, guitar and sing.
i am in 3rd grade, i love disney!
nice! i like the beach. i have been to it on several occasions.
the frozen one! they are great! do you like the disney movies?
i love all the songs from frozen, and i love singing them
i like all music. i also enjoy the movie frozen.
i am 33. i like to sing songs from the movie frozen. do you?
i am in 3rd grade, do you have any children?
i hope so. i am a kid, so i am always learning new things
it is going great. i just got off work.
i enjoy watching baseball. do you like sports?
i work in it. i have been there for 15 years. i love it.
i like being outside, i love florida.
i like sports and my dogs and kids
sure, i have a lot of kids, they are all grown
it is great here in florida, i have never been there before
i love the cold. i am in the south. where are you?
i am doing well, just got back from a cruise
i am a cook, so i know how to cook well.
i am sure. i have been trying to get into cooking, but i am not very
nice, i own a yacht that i am trying to sell off now
triplets?! that is a lot of kids.
i am a single mom, i love food, but not so much at
i am 23 and i love to eat. what do you do for work
it is going great. i am having a great time.
i am from california. i don't know if i would want to live in another place
do you play any video games on the weekend?
what kind of games? i like playing video games.
i love the outdoors. i love to play games.
i love playing video games, and watching movies. you?
i do a lot of live action role playing.
hey there. my wife left me. i am sad.
i am not sure. i am pretty overweight.
wow. i have not heard of that one.
i love the cold and the snow.
i don't believe in god. i spend most of my time on facebook
that is good. i don't believe in god
i have a couple of cats too. i love them.
oh, that is sad. my husband has a tabby.
i like to be with my family
i love rap music. i was forced to marry my aunt.
hello! i am from somalian country.
yes. they love to be in the rain. i have to bring my truck
i would not know, i was born in somalia.
yes i am, i was forced to marry when i was young.
thank you. it is good to be happy.
cool. i was born in algeria.
good. i just finished roleplaying and am having a hard time.
i like facebook too. but my addiction is more into gaming
i play games on the internet and i am addicted
i am a vet. it is a lot of fun, i love it.
i am not sure either. i have an addiction to role playing games.
why? what do you like doing in your free time?
well i like to role play, but it is hard sometimes.
what else do you like?
hi, its going good. how is yours?
i am 19. i just cant wait to move out my parents home
do you work or are you just a 9 5 person?
i like to play with my friends. i have no favorites.
lol!!!! i am 19. i just got my job at the burger king
i like playing with my friends
i work at a restaurant so it is not fun to be away from home
oh wow that is awesome, i love to have fun
hi, i love to bake and knit.
no, it is a bake sale. i like to bake cookies.
i understand! what is your favorite food?
i am more into baking. i love to bake.
do you like baking cookies? i love to bake.
i understand that. i don't have any pets
what kind of car do you drive?
that is rough! i have to pay bills too, but i don't have a choice.
i am doing well! i just had a nice taco, how about you?
i am having tacos, i love tacos
yuck. i like margaritas, but i would rather eat tacos
that is cool i love tacos, i like to eat them with my brothers
i don't have a bike, but i do have a 3 sisters. they are great!
i would if i could afford it.
you are not sure if you are a dog lover or not.
coffee is good. i am a coffee addict
good. i just came home from work. i am a record engineer for a studio.
i work for a music company in california. how about you?
i am a recording engineer. what do you do?
i live in the midwest.
it is beautiful. what do you do for fun?
i have never been to that part of california, do you live in california?
yes, it is. i live there, so it is a good place to work
it is not, but i love being inside.
good. just enjoying the color pink
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you have any hobbies?
my father is a construction worker so i am a bit addicted to coffee
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do?
yes i like reading and mountain biking. i don't drink though
what kind of music do you listen to?
that is good. i don't drink alcohol.
i like coffee. my favorite drink is pink. i like to drink it
hello, i am an old woman who grew up in the country.
what are your hobbies?
no. he wrote the bible.
i sing country songs at my local park
that sounds nice. i have been playing my guitar a lot.
what is an omnivore?
i have been trying to find a new job that allows me to eat more meat.
i love it. i have a few friends that grow it.
i am a retired gym teacher. i do a lot of yoga.
i would like to volunteer in the homeless shelter
yes i agree, what kind of things do you do for fun
i like to work out, but i am poor.
i like to watch documentaries about cheeseburgers, do you like those?
yes i do, i teach the homeless
i am sorry to hear that
i am retired and i am watching some war documentaries.
i am good. i live in the us. i am in new york.
yes. i have been there before, and i am sure it is.
i don't. i am allergic to water
i am sorry to hear that. i have allergies to water
a few days. i was working on building it when i got sick.
yeah, i work on games for a living.
yes, i am working on building a new robot to be my body double
starcraft mostly but i also work on other things
i am well. just hanging out with my two dogs.
what do you do for a living?
i am a bit of a cook, i love to go to the gym and rowing
my favorite color is purple, you?
that is cool, i like the color blue
i don't have any pets. i am too lazy to get a dog.
that is what my two dogs say.
i don't dance, i am a gym rat
i am great. just listening to some of my favorite band the insane clown posse
i am a big fan of the band insane clown posse.
that is awesome! i have a ford f150. it is a beaut.
i am a fan of ford trucks and ford cars. i love cars.
i love to play video games. what kind of games do you like?
what is your favorite food?
i am a fan of the band ford. they are the best. you?
it is a great game.
wow! that must have been fun!
what is your favorite color?
oh yes! the demons were so creepy!
i am a doctor, but i am a bit lazy, and i don't enjoy going to the park.
sure! what kind of games?
oh that is so cool! i am not sure if i could do that.
i will. i don't know how. i am still looking.
i have a daughter and she is a child prodigy
hi, i like to go to the mountains. what about you?
i live in colorado so i have to get up early to get to the gym.
i am a scientist
that is awesome. do you do any other sports?
i have never seen one, i am a programmer. what is it?
what else do you like?
i don't. i prefer working in the lab
i am a math nerd, what is your favorite color?
hello, i live on a farm and i love it.
it is really fun to ride.
i work at a horse ranch. i love reading!
i am a lawyer.
i bet it is. i hope you don't get hurt.
that is good, i am sure your diet is great
i like to ride horses, but not as much as you
yes, it is. i want to be a lawyer, so i don't have to work.
i am good and you?
i am sorry. what did you do?
i have no siblings so that is why i don't like people.
my hair is red as well
oh, wow. i am not sure how you would feel if you had to go through that again.
i am glad you got it fixed.
do you have many friends?
i am a girl so i am always changing my mind
i am doing well. how about you?
oh, i see. do you have any hobbies?
that is true. what do you do for fun?
yes. but i used to be a painter. now i am retired
what do you do? i used to be a painter, but now i am a housekeeper.
that is great! what do you do for fun?
that sounds interesting! what do you do?
i would love to buy one.
i am in the united states.
that is awesome. i am in cali right now.
i like to cook too. i am also a store manager. i am also a mom.
i am jealous. i am short and brown.
oh i bet you could swim. do you like taylor swift?
what is renegade? do you like music?
i am in california. what about you?
all kinds. i also sell candy
i will be teaching french in my elementary school next week
yes it will. what else do you do?
that is awesome, i teach english spanish and french.
my english teacher was a gym instructor.
i like black. what is your favorite color? mine is red.
i am moving into an apartment in the next month.
i am in a small town in california, but i have a boyfriend who is moving there too.
i hope so, i am a very good english teacher!
i am great, just got back from a nice walk in the park!
no i have not, what is it like?
oh that is nice. i don't have a motorcycle but i like riding.
i am looking for a job, so i am not sure where.
no, i am an osteopath. i am looking for a new job. you?
i am a doctor. i work at the hospital
i like to ride in my blue bike to the park.
i am sure it is reliable. i have never lost a charge.
good. how about you?
i am a big fan of classical music.
what is your favorite color?
blue is my fav color.
i don't have any hobbies. do you play any sports?
no, i have no candles in my apartment. i am allergic.
that is a shame, but it is okay, you will get used to it.
i agree. but i love chinese food
hey, how are you today?
that is good i like to go shopping
what is your favorite color?
oh yes, they are great too
i have. but i have to shop for everything.
i understand. do you like shopping?
why did you cry?
i have not been able to do anything with my life.
hello, i am doing good, just got back from work. what do you do for fun?
that is a great name. do you own your own studio?
i am a recording engineer for a company
that is true, i love playing video games. what else do you do?
that sounds nice. i have a big collection of dolls.
i am a father and father daughter. i am a 46 year old single dad.
i am a single father and have 2 daughters
yes they live with me
i am great, how are you doing?
oh that sounds fun. i like music too. i read books
i like to read a lot of books.
that is a noble thing to do. do you have any hobbies?
yes it is i walk my dog everyday
yeah. i am a big fan. what do you do for work?
i am in a kayak club and love it!
i am good, just playing some basketball with my sister. you?
i am good. my mom is a dentist, she is good
i like hip hop. my mom is a dentist and she loves it
that is cool. what else do you like?
i don't have any kids. i have a sister.
i was a nurse so i had to take it out.
yes, i am sure they are
good! i am enjoying the day off, how about you?
that is nice. do you have any hobbies?
i don't watch much tv
that is too bad. do you like italian food?
wow, i am sorry to hear that. i am in canada. where are you?
i do too, my grandpa served in wwii
it sure is. what do you do for fun?
i would love to! do you like to cook? i love me some good shawarma
i am great, i was a painter, now i am a housekeeper. you?
i am a 56 year old woman who fantasize about taking over the world.
oh that is great. i love to help people.
i don't have time for movies, my kids are always busy with their soccer games
mine is cheeseburgers too, i like all foods, but especially cheeseburgers
i have two grown children who have never been clean.
that sounds good. i don't eat a lot of meat.
i would like to take over the world, but i would never have the bacon.
hey, tracy, i am mia. i am a teacher.
yes i am married and have 2 kids
i don't sing, but i like to watch videos.
that is nice. my wife and i are going to watch a documentary on soup kitchen workers.
i don't know who that is, i am retired and don't watch much tv
i don't know what to say, i am not good at telling stories.
that is good! i hope he is a great guy.
yes i am i am looking to buy one
i am sorry to hear that. i am a retired farmer
oh that would be nice. i am sure you would like them
no kids yet but i do have a farm. what do you do?
what do you like to do? i ride horses.
i like rock music, especially the band the story so far
yes, they are. what else do you like?
what else do you enjoy?
i am doing good, how about you?
oh wow that is amazing! i am only 23
thanks! do you have any hobbies?
i have been to france and england.
i don't think you are good at it
i am trying to learn how to cook, but i don't really know how.
i am a stay at home mom.
yeah it is but i am still learning.
my children don't like that i live in america, i am a male
i enjoy it. i work in it and have been in a lot of different jobs.
no, i have traveled to america many times
i agree. do you have any children?
i like swimming, i also like to work in it. i am a male.
he is a boy. he is in high school. i have a job in it.
i don't have kids.
i agree. i have a lot of children and don't have much money.
i don't have kids. i am a man and work in it.
just going to the beach, you?
i have a cat and fish
i am in college, i just graduated, and i am still a young person
i am going to be a doctor
anything interesting i don't know about.
i have not been to an olympic event in a while
do you have any hobbies?
oh, i am a huge fan of football myself.
i am a feminist, and also a feminist
i have a big following. what are your hobbies?
yes, i have over 600 of them.
i am a big fan of social media. i use twitter all the time.
i don't like her.
i am a feminist. so i know what you mean.
that is a good goal. i like to shop on social media and buy things i can.
what is your favorite social media site to use?
i don't have a lot of time for cooking. i am a cashier.
i am a store manager, i am so busy i don't even eat hummus.
that is true i like to eat it.
my hair is short brown, but i am a nissan pathfinder
i have not traveled much since i left. i have been busy with the store.
that is a shame. do you speak any other languages?
i don't know who google is. i work at a store.
great! how about you?
oh that is cool. i am more into rock climbing, and i love it.
that is nice. do you like to travel?
i like to hike in the spring
i like to go rock climbing in the spring.
i think so too. i am a mechanic.
mine too! what do you like to do in your spare time
that is a lot of time
i am doing great, just finished dancing with my aunt
i live in new york. where are you from?
i am a dancer. i have been for a while.
that is great. my mom is a teacher too
oh, i am sure you will have lots of fun!
i am in my 20s and i love dancing!
i dance. i love dancing. i like to go with my friends
no i am still a baby.
i am great. just got home from a dance competition i participated in. you?
i have cancer too! i am so proud of you!
that is wonderful. i am a bookworm and love to dance
i don't work, i am a bookstore clerk
i hope so, i have been in a dance competition since i was a teenager
i don't have a lot of tech but i do dance on the weekends
it is very good. i am a competitive dancer and i have been for years.
i am doing great. i am a student. what do you do for fun?
that sounds fun. i am reading about psychology.
i am a graduate student, i am a bit more creative.
wow, i am a graduate student and i kayak.
that is awesome. i wish i could speak another language
i have a lot of chocolate, and i love to eat it
ramen is good. i also read a lot of books about psychology.
i am anna. what is your name?
i am a woman and i am not going to stop
oh, i like to fantasize about taking over the world. i want to take over the world
no, i don't have a job. i am a 56 year old woman.
what do they think? i have never seen my parents
i don't want them to come around. i am a 56 year old woman.
yes i have 2 grown children
i like to go to the beach, hike and read
hi. i am great, how about you?
my son is a junior in high school, he is in the 3rd grade
i am a stay at home dad. i don't have a lot of free time.
i am a stay at home dad, so i don't have any kids.
i like to read and cook. what about you?
i am into horror. i have seen all the classics, especially the original.
i love parks! i love going to the movies.
i am from california but my son is in high school
hi i am good how are you?
i love paella. what is paella?
i am employed with the postal service.
oh that is cool, i have a dog. i named him barnaby
i am a big nascar fan.
it is fun, but it is stressful. i have to work a lot, and it is exhausting!
wow! that sounds fun!
that sounds good! my dad is a postal worker, so i will probably eat fish and chips!
i am doing great, how are you?
cool. i am very strong for my age
that sounds like it is a very interesting field!
they have to be. they must really love their job.
i live in new york. i love to drink and dance
i hope to be a doctor, i have the best strength for it.
i don't, but i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight
i am from cali.
i am a mom and a musician. i love kids. i am going to be a teacher next year
what kind of music? i love spanish.
that sounds fun. do you have a favorite language?
i am in school to be a musician.
that is very nice of you. do you have any other hobbies?
i am not married but i do have a french wife
i am doing great. just finished up a delicious lunch
good. i am in a rush to go to the gym.
what are your hobbies?
yeah but i do it to supplement my income
wow. i bet you have lots of friends
i have a motorcycle that is a vz650. do you have a car?
that is nice. my motorbike is a focus. do you work?
wow! i am a waitress so i have a car to get there
i am doing good, how are you?
ohio is beautiful! i have never been there.
i am a mechanic. i don't work much.
i have a dog, he is named kj.
i like pepperoni and cheese.
yes it is! my grandfather was stationed there.
oh, they are great. i am more into oldies.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any other hobbies?
yes, i am samantha. i am retired. how about you?
oh that sounds like fun! what do you do?
no, its just a helmet.
not really. i like to play with my dog.
i was retired for a year. i m now a stay at home mom. you?
i would be interested in riding motorcycles. what kind of bikes do you have?
i love the weather here. it makes me go to the casino.
cairo is a good one, i have been a retired person for a few years.
i am doing great! just finished work. what do you do?
that is awesome, i work as a shipyard worker
sorry to hear that. i am a shipyard worker and volunteer with a local animal shelter.
i don't know why that is.
i don't go to malls. i volunteer at animal shelters.
that would be great. do you have a job?
thanks, you too. have a good one.
i am going to volunteer with a local animal shelter.
i am doing well, just got back from a run. how are you?
i try to. i am a woman.
i don't know how to exercise.
oh, i don't watch much of those, do you like movies?
that is too bad. what kind of sports do you like?
oh that is great. i am a woman.
he is called maddie and she is a lab
he is a little girl. we have been married for a little over two years.
i am from the great state of florida
that is cool i am from the south
that is cool. i have a big family. 5 cats. i love them.
no pets either, but i have 5 cats, so i have a lot of friends.
i love my cats, 5 of them. do you have any pets?
no but i am a big fan of cats. i have five!
i understand that. do you like to cook?
yes. it will help you in the future. i love it.
hi, how are you doing today?
oh. i grew up on a farm, so that is not a change.
soup is good. i am a farmer so i have to eat healthy.
no i don't dance i am an alcoholic
wow that is really impressive! i have a farm with pigs and chickens.
that sounds good. i will have to try that sometime.
no, but i do have insurance to help pay for my new home
that is horrible. my father was a farmer.
oh that is cool. i am in school to be a kindergarten teacher.
that is nice. i have never had a dog.
what do you like to do for fun?
i am not a fan of music. i am a music teacher.
i love t swift.
i love pizza. i also like to eat out.
yes, but i also enjoy spending time with friends
i like to eat out a lot... especially at fancy places.
i am great! i am just watching a movie with my motorbike
i have been racing for a year. i love to race.
i bet it was a hard one
i see. i wear a motorcycle helmet.
what do you do for work
what do you like to do in your spare time
what kind of music do you like to listen to?
yes it is! i just got back from my favorite beach
what do you do for a living?
i love fishing. what do you like to do for fun?
i will post it on my instagram
that is awesome, what are you studying?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you teach?
it happens to everyone.
i am great, how are you?
i love to garden. i am in the church garden.
i am a church teacher and i love gardening
my dog would probably like that too. he is a dog.
that sounds fun. i am a school teacher and love the church
yes. what do you do for a living?
i do too, i am a school teacher
i would love to be a teacher. i love my job.
hi! i am great. how are you?
i like to go on a bird watching spree.
i am old... i am 77... i don't have time to go to the movies..
i love my van. i spend time with my cats
i don't have any kids but i do like to take my cats with me
i will try to! do you have any other hobbies?
i like to eat a lot of meat.
yes, but it is worth it for my cats.
i love dogs. i live in alabama
yes, i do. i live in alabama and love it here.
i love nascar too! i love dogs!
yes it is. i like tacos.
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
i have a dog. i am scared of cats.
i have a fear of the dark. i don't know why.
i would rather talk to you
good, how are you doing today?
that is great! i work for a watch dealer.
oh, that is interesting. do you like shoes? i am shopping for shoes and watches now.
that is great! i don't have a church but i am a shopper at a watch shop
oh that sounds fun. what kind of music do you like?
i have never danced. i am a watch salesman.
that is great. i don't have the money for painting right now
yes i do. my favorite thing is to play pobox
i am a male. what do you do for fun?
i like the sun and the fresh air
i have a dog. i love to play pobox.
i am a woman too, and she is a 12 year old girl
what is your favorite color?
i am taking a science class. i like learning. what are you taking?
yes, that is exactly what i mean.
i am doing great. how are you doing?
i am getting ready for my divorce. i hate my job.
i am in school right now
that is cool. my wife is a tennis player.
no, i have been divorced for 20 years. you?
do you like your job?
thanks, i appreciate that. what is your favorite thing to do?
i am reading a book. what are you up to?
i am actually a librarian. i am also retired.
i have 2 dogs and a cat
i have never had one.
it is not. it is not hard to travel at all.
i have been to spain. my cat would not be a problem there.
i am retired so that is why i like traveling
i am sure he does! i have been to spain many times, it is amazing
i am good, how are you?
i am vegan, and i love animals
poetry is great. i like to read as well
i do! i like all kinds of movies.
i am too old to play college football
i am not sure, i was a kid. i was a cat person though.
thanks i have a few friends and a lot of family
i like it. what is your favorite holiday?
i just finished a job in it
my sons are 12 and 13.
i have a house in florida, but it is a house in florida.
what is your favorite sport to play?
i am not sure. i live in florida, i know its hot
i am a man but i don't know what to do with my dogs
i would rather not swim in the water.
that is too bad! i love math and i am a boy.
hi, i don't know. i just like talking
i am sorry to hear that. i like chocolate, but not candy.
i have to say i don't know....
i have a chocolate chip cookie, what kind of dog do you have?
oh that is great! i am a big chocolate fan, especially the candy
wow, that is a lot! i am a dog lover.
i like to sing but people don't like it
i am jacob and i am in alabama.
that sounds like a scary place. i live in alabama, near the great lakes.
it is. i have never been to spooky alabama. do you have siblings?
i like to cook with my sisters, we are traditional
i like to eat food. i don't have a favorite though.
i love tacos, but i am not big into them. do you like them?
those sound yummy. i love to eat tacos.
that is nice. i am a waitress at a taco joint.
hi, i am doing good, and you?
that is cool. i love animals too. i have a few of them.
i am sorry. my father is a farmer so he is very busy.
oh wow! i don't ski, but i do like riding horses!
i don't have many, do you?
i like all kinds of music. i like rock music too.
i listen to a lot of rock music.
hi, i am doing well. listening to my favorite band, arabian horses.
i love rock! do you have horses?
i love the simple life! i like to ride horses. i ride them on my farm.
yes! i love my arabian horses, do you have any?
i don't like corn, but i am a fan of rock music
i ride horses too. my arabian husband and i are very close.
i do! but i love it! i also love to ride horses.
they are. my husband is an artist, he is working on a horse.
congrats! what do you do for work? i am a construction worker.
that is exciting! i am a construction worker.
i have 2 kids. i am working a lot.
i am a construction worker and i am 16. i am also pregnant
i like watching sports, but i don't have much free time.
that sounds like fun, what movies do you like?
i like to watch them as well, but i don't like to be around people
i am glad to hear that. i am in construction.
sure! i am a student in economics. what do you do?
i am an economics major and married for two years.
no, i am in my 20s. i eat a strictly raw diet.
oh, that is good. do you have a lot of pets?
no i don't, do you have any kids
i guess you have a point
i am not sure if you are being serious or not...
oh, i see. do you like the stones? i do.
hello. i am fine, i have a civic. and yes i do!
i am a college student, and i have a civic. do you have a car?
i am a musician. what do you do for work?
yes i like to listen to rap music.
yes i do, i have a black honda civic, you?
yes it will. my civic is a beaut.
yes, but i do enjoy the company
that sounds fun. i have a civic, it is a fun car.
i am doing good, just finished taking my meds for the night.
that sounds fun. where do you live?
i am not a big fan.
i am not much of a snow person. i prefer summer.
i have not been up that way. i am not much of a roller coaster person.
i love the beach. i am 45 and i live on the coast.
oh. i don't like fl either.
i like playing games and teaching elementary school kids.
hello, i teach elementary school
i like all kinds. do you play any instruments?
that is cool. i love to play games with my kids.
i am an elementary school teacher, i teach middle school.
i am not really a fan of music
i love country. you?
i am a teacher and i teach elementary. i have a lot of free time.
i am good. how are you?
i have three arabian horses. i have been riding them since they were babies.
i am a farm hand.
i like working outside too, i have three of them
i do like rock music, but i am not very musical.
that is nice. my horses are a little older than you.
horses eat grass, but i don't eat any meat.
there is a horse farm but no pigs or chickens.
i am good how are you?
hi lisa, i am mary and i am retired from the casino
i like to wear hats. i also like to grill outside.
oh no! that is horrible. i am sorry.
i have been playing with my dog, his name is gila.
i don't. i don't like gambling. i like to do it for fun
i agree. i am retired and have a lot of time to do things like this.
i am going to grill my grass.
hi, i am doing well. how about you?
i am sorry, what do you do for a living?
that sounds like fun! do you have any pets?
that is so sad, i would love to go to a burger shop with you
i like rock music
about 10 years now. they are great horses.
it does but i am more of an outdoor person
i am sure it is. i am just listening to rock music.
yes i want to
we lived together for years and i have a lot of money.
it is okay. i am 40 and still married. i have a lot of money though.
i am a car salesman. how about you?
i have not heard of them. what is their name?
i am not sure i do. i am 40 and i still have a hard time adjusting.
i know but i hate my job so i don't have much time for it.
she is a beautiful woman, she has a beautiful smile.
i have not had time for one. i am a boy, but i am a boy.
i don't think i am the first person you have talked to.
no, but i have seen pictures. i am sure it is beautiful.
i am a boy and have an inner heart outside of my body.
yes i have and it is very relaxing
i have been better. i am a boy now. i am a boy.
well, i can move things with my mind, but it is hard
you should try again! its so relaxing to do.
what are you doing right now?
i am great how about yourself?
i just don't know what to do with myself
that is awesome. i am single and live in the cloud
oh nice, i am still a kid. i am a little girl.
yes, i am in college. i live with my parents.
i try not to be. i live in a cloud and i am lonely
sounds good. do you like to read? i like to read when i am not doing homework.
what do you do for fun?
that is so nice! i like to garden and walk outside.
i am a teacher, what do you teach?
i do, i love eating them
yes, it is. i like gardening and walking outside, what about you?
i love to garden and walk outside. do you have any pets?
i have a golden retriever and a poodle.
i love to garden and walk outside.
oh, cool. do you garden and walk outside?
hello, how are you?
yes i eat a lot of it
i have not, but i have heard of the rolling stones. i love them.
i love going to national parks! i just bought a house in the area
i will probably just be an extra for the movies.
i love to eat raw foods. i love the stones!
i am not a fan of it. i am more into science and history.
i am a geology major, so i am thinking about a career in that field.
i do. i have to get ready to go to the olympics today.
oh my gosh! i am sorry to hear that.
oh that sounds fun, my husband is a salesman, i do door to door sales
i have three dogs, they are great
oh. i have a dog. i love dogs. do you have any pets?
my dad was a door to door salesman. i am a salesman
i don't blame you. what do you sell?
i am well. how are you doing?
i am a video game nerd. i love the new tomb raider.
i have a dog, i have 4 children. how about you?
just some music. i am a producer.
i am not, i have been married for 45 years
that sounds cool. do you have any pets?
yes i do. i am 46 years old
i love my ex, but i don't have one. do you?
i am doing well, how about yourself?
i am in my early forties. i have been married for 6 years. you?
wow. i am only 5. my mom and dad are both super models.
i would not know. i am a bee farmer and have never met a single person
i am a professional beekeeper.
i know, i am a beekeeper. i have to make a living.
yes, i do. it is very beautiful. do you?
hello! i do, but i prefer to dance to classical music
oh that sounds fun! do you like music?
oh no! i don't know how to do that. i am more of a trucker.
i don't know i am not very familiar with her.
yes, i make good money. i don't work though.
she is great. she dances with me on occasion.
well i like to play with my sisters, we are pole dancers
oh that sounds fun. i love to dance. i do it in my spare time.
no, but i am learning to speak another language.
cool! i love music as well.
oh wow. i am from the us. i am a chef.
oh that is fun, i love to run and eat
my dad loves chocolate, but i don't like the stuff.
yes. but it is very rewarding.
i am not a big fan of cooking either.
it is. my dad was very athletic.
i am great! just hanging out with the guys at the local shelter. you?
i don't. i am a professional wrestler
that is awesome! what is your favorite color?
yeah, i agree. do you have any hobbies?
yes, i like to volunteer in the local homeless shelter
that is awesome. my husband and i are in a lot of volunteer work, i am the leader of that
that is good for you! i love to do volunteer work.
i agree! i have been working on my wrestling career.
i am good. i live on the east coast. how about you?
i work in a human services office, i love it
i work for a company called hs
i don't, i have a son. he is in junior high.
i have been for a long time, but i am not sure if he is mine
i am in my 20 s
i am, i have been working in the service industry my whole life.
wow, how old are you now?
i am great. i am enjoying some ice cream.
i am trying to make it through winter. my weakness for vanilla is weakness for winter.
i love winter so much that i love the cold.
i have a few of them. i have over a thousand hats.
cool! i have a collection of hats and hats, but i love the winter!
i like to play video games
i have a weakness for winter. i love it.
i like the original star wars
i am good how are you
disney world sounds fun. i like to go to work from home.
me too. i have been playing a lot of persona games.
i am in high school, but i am not going to be a vet
yes i am i am a vet at the local vet
oh wow! that is awesome. i have been working from home for a while now
i love the playground! what do you do for fun?
i am well. how are you?
no, but i do love swimming
oh i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for a living?
i love the pool, do you swim often?
that sounds relaxing. do you have any hobbies?
well my family is from india so i am a bit of a traveller.
oh, that is great! i love death metal
i am doing great, how about yourself?
that is cute, i am a waitress.
that is nice. i have a motorcycle, but i am not riding it.
yes i do. it is my favorite food to eat. i am a waitress.
mine are hazel too!
oh i love to ride my bike. i do the same with my motorbike.
you should get that checked out.
i am a waitress, but i don't work.
hi, i am doing well, just watching the local news
i am a wrestler so i am always looking for volunteer work
my wife and i love them, too! we do volunteer work in the shelter.
i don't like either. i like to eat at the local homeless shelter
i would love some mushrooms. i love them. i volunteer at a local shelter.
it is good, but it does not compare to the original
you should. what do you do for fun
i have done a lot of volunteer work in the local area. i love it.
hi, paula. i am mia, what about you?
i am in my 20s. do you work?
i have been in my own home since i quit my job to pursue my spirituality.
i am a buddhist. i don't work. i just live here.
i don't either but i do have some spirituality.
i wish mine would let me talk more. i am very quiet.
what do you do for a living?
i don't really like them
i am a little old for that. i am only 12 years old.
that is nice. do you like school?
oh i am sorry. i am a teacher.
they are mean. i have a friend named tony who has the same issue.
my mom is an osteopath. my dad is a doctor.
i have a dog named bob
i am doing well. just got home from playing guitar
i like to watch movies and tv shows
i don't eat chocolate but i eat ice cream
my father is a mechanic and i work in an electrical company.
i love those too! i also love to play the violin and guitar.
that is okay. i am not good at the guitar either
that is awesome, what do you do for fun
i speak both. i am an electrician.
i am good. i was just teaching english and french to my students. you?
oh, that is great. do you like it?
well you can always take a trip to london.
that is what i do when i get free time
i understand that. what do you do for fun?
you are a professional. do you take photos for a living?
thanks, i appreciate it. what do you like to do?
maybe. do you have any pets?
its going great. i have been working a lot today, how about you?
that is a lot of homework. do you like to travel?
i love dogs too, they are the best.
you can have my five cats, they are so sweet.
construction worker. what about you?
i don't play soccer much, i am more into building houses
i build houses for a living, i love it too
yes i know i need it. i have 5 cats.
i am fine. i am from a small town so i don't get to hang out much.
what do you do for fun?
thanks, i don't play that much, but i do love to eat it.
i grew up in a big city, but i grew up on a farm
i am from a small town so chocolate is a must.
cool. my father raised me on a farm. i am a lawyer
oh my gosh, peanuts! i love peanuts, but my family does not.
that is cool i have always wanted to be a lawyer
yes i paint pictures, i am a talented painter
i understand. i grew up in the countryside.
i don't have a job either
i don't eat any food but i do enjoy watching nhl hockey.
i like hockey. what do you do for fun?
that is great! i hope you are doing well.
yes i love to paint and read. you?
i am doing well, and you?
i don't but i love horses
that is so cool! do you have any hobbies?
that is terrible! i have been married for a while.
do you have any hobbies?
i live in new york, but i am moving to florida soon
i have been there, its a great place. do you like horses?
i am not married, but my girlfriend is. she is my favorite.
i am a nurse in the us army.
i don't like to eat meat.
i am a baby delivery nurse, what do you do?
that is cool! i am more of a bookworm.
yeah, it is. do you like to travel?
i am not a delivery nurse, but i am a nurse at a hospital.
yes, i think so. i love to read books
i am a baby delivery nurse, so it is hard to be excited.
i am great. how are you doing?
i am home from work. i work at a gym
i like to go running
i have a chevy duramax.
i am from california. what do you do for fun?
it is. i am also very athletic so i eat a lot of clean.
i love to cook healthy, and you?
i am glad they are ok. i just got a new job.
i am doing great how are you
i did not go to see them, but i saw rascal flats!
we did a few times. we are country singers.
i don't have one. do you like any music?
good luck! i have a hard time getting motivated, especially when i sing.
i am fine. i just like the music.
i have two boys, a girl.
sounds like a fun time. i sing country and rascal flat is my favorite.
i am great, just got back from the horse farm.
i am not married, i just have a small town, but it has been great so far
congratulations! i hope you have fun with that
do you want to move?
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
yes. do you have any hobbies?
i want to move to the city, where i grew up on a farm.
yes, but i want to be a lawyer.
i am well! how are you?
what are you going to school for?
wow! that is so great! what kind of job do you have?
i like chocolate chip.
that is cool, i am 4 and am learning to walk.
i don't know who that is, but i love chocolate candy.
thanks, i am trying. do you have any hobbies?
i don't, do you?
hello! i love to shop, i am a shoe seller.
i am in a similar situation, my family supports me though
what else do you like to do?
oh no, i don't think you are alone.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
yeah i am a bit of a nerd and shop a lot
what do you do for work?
hi i am great how are you
i like singing songs from the movie frozen. do you like movies?
i am a bit older than you, but i like it
yeah, he is a pretty cool character. do you like to go to disney?
i would love to go again. i have been to disney a few times this year.
i am in high school. i love sports. i am a singing kid.
that is awesome! do you like sports?
i am in third grade.
good, i am a bit of a fish and chips fan, you?
it is, i am a art major.
wow! i am not sure how to do that.
i am not much of a fan of meat either.
i like the summer better. i love cooking paella and fish.
i love to make paella, do you like it
i have never been to europe. i would like to go sometime.
i love animals, i like to cook them and eat them.
hi there. i am doing good. how about yourself?
i hope there is too, i am so tired of these superhero shows
i am a retired woman. i am living the great life now.
i like it i have a big family so i am not lonely
i have a lot of friends, so i don't have time for it anymore.
thank you. i am very proud. i am retired and living the life now
oh wow, i am sorry to hear that.
i am a senior. do you work?
i am good. how are you?
that is good. i am a bit overweight, but i am not unhappy
i work at a nursing home, so i am not sure what to do.
i run when i am not working.
i don't know how to do that. i am so unhappy.
i work at a nursing home.
i like blue, it is the color of my heart.
hello! i am a navy brat and i like all kinds of music.
i am more of a rock kind of guy.
that is awesome! what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. i have been there once to see a bunny.
cool. what kind of computers?
i don't like it. my passion is volunteering.
i have never had that before. i like the free spirit.
i have a hard time with mine, too.
you must have a lot of confidence.
very true, and you must be very smart
oh i am sorry to hear that.
oh that is cool. my kids love wonder woman.
oh i see. i don't know much about powers.
i am a 56 year old woman and i don't know how to do anything
no they are grown and i am a housekeeper for the family.
no, but i do fantasize about it.
i am a dog walker, but i am not working right now.
yes, i am in school right now.
i live in california. where do you work at?
i live in alabama, we don't have any dogs, but i love to talk to people
i think i need to eat more chocolate. i don't like it.
i don't eat a lot of chocolate candy.
me too! my four year old is so excited!
i like to eat a lot of chocolate. what is your favourite food?
wow! that is a long time
i like to eat my hamburgers and french fries, you?
that sounds like a lot of fun
yes, but now i have a house.
i love eating. i like to go to the park, go for walks.
i don't drink soda.
yes it is. what do you do for a living?
i live with my family and work at home
hello, i am doing well. just got home from work, how about you?
i do, but i prefer to dance to it.
yeah. i am not very active though. i have a lot of wine.
i have a lot of wisdom to share, you should look into it
i am retired, and have lots of energy. i dance in the moonlight and enjoy it!
i do. i also love to dance and sing.
i danced in the moonlight and drank wine.
yeah. i am sure you could do it.
hi, i live in the city. where do you live?
i love to explore new things. i am a violinist.
oh wow that is awesome. i teach piano
that is cool, do you like music
i play the violin.
i try. i am a violinist so i try to learn everything.
yes, i am a teacher on the side.
that is good. i am a teacher. i teach piano.
that is awful! i am glad to hear it is all over soon.
cool. my boyfriend is an army brat too.
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you are doing well now.
yes. i have to be careful what i eat.
i am in between jobs too, what do you do?
my boyfriend and i like to drink soda while watching tv
i have never drank soda, do you drink it?
hello. i am bob. i am a guy who enjoys hiking.
he was in the navy. he was an army brat.
i don't like the color pink. do you have a hobby?
cool. i like the color pink
i love animals. i am also into coffee.
i am a big coffee fan. i am a big mountain bike fan.
i like to drink coffee, i have been drinking it all day
hi there. i am well. i have a fish named bob
that is great. my girlfriend is a bit of a drama queen.
i don't like basketball, i prefer hiking.
my boyfriend and i have been together for 2 years now, and we love orange!
i have not seen him in years
i like orange fish, but i don't eat them.
that is a good fish. do you like to hike in the morning?
i am thinking about getting my hair colored as well.
nice! i am studying to become a mechanic.
i love country music, what do you do for a living?
what do you create?
that sounds very interesting, what is it?
yes, but it does not mean i am not a country music fan.
yes. i am a country girl. what do you do?
i am. i am also a country music lover so i listen to a lot of it.
thank you. i do have a great life. do you have pets?
hi! i just got done playing my guitar, how are you?
i love the sound of the elevator!
that is cool! do you have any hobbies?
yeah. i am studying spanish, so i am bilingual.
that sounds cool, what is the food bank job?
yes it is! i also enjoy music
what is your favorite music?
that is awesome. i love food.
i am good. just skating around my neighborhood.
i am not. i just broke my arm. i am a pro skater
i am a pretty good skater, so it is not a huge deal
what kind of games are your favorite?
he is the best. i skateboard and i am the best.
i hope to play professionally. i have been skating for years.
oh no. i am sorry you have a hard time adjusting.
that is a good lesson, i learned the same way
i like the color yellow and garlic bread. i am in the southern part of the us.
i go to casinos when i go to go gamble.
no, i am a retired casino manager. i do gamble though
nice! i am a gambler. i go for it.
i don't have lasagna. do you?
i have never heard of that before. i don't gamble much though.
oh ok. i don't gamble.
i am well and you?
i am a vegetarian so that is not a problem for me
i love the color blue, i am also married
i am glad. what do you do for work?
that is sad. i am married to a nice woman.
his name is mike. what do you like to do for fun?
we love to go hiking. i am married and have 2 kids. you?
hi, i am from the rural area of a farming community.
i love horses. do you work on one?
that is cool. i love horses, but my husband and i don't have horses.
that sounds very interesting, do you work?
i love it. my husband and i are farmers.
yes, its very good. i am also a fan of the hockey team, the vancouver grizzlies.
it does, i have a lot of friends that work in the farming industry
i am doing well, thanks! just got back from the gym!
that is crazy! i am not pregnant yet but i am thinking of having twins
a golden retriever. i love to take him for walks. what about you?
yes i do, i am in school to become a music teacher
i am a musician. i make music for a living.
that is rough, i have two boys as well, i am a musician
lol, that is a funny name for a baby
that is cool, i have a car, it is a civic
i am a postal service employee.
cool. i have a german shepherd. he is a good friend
they are insects, but i don't think they are animals.
i am a postal worker for the us postal service.
that is good to know. i am not a good driver
that is awesome. i have a german shepherd
i am sure that is true
i love teaching too! i teach my german shepherd barnaby to help people learn.
i am great, how about yourself?
i play the guitar and sing in a band
what do you like to do for fun
i don't look at anyone, i just play the piano and sing.
no, i am more into the music of my own
i love folk music
i am going to the piano store
i don't. i am more of a coffee drinker than coffee drinker.
i am good, just watching a tv show, you?
i am not much into sports. i prefer to swim.
that is cool, i do sky diving and sky diving.
i have a family of three, i don't want to have any more
i love to go swimming. i also like to roller coaster ride.
that sounds fun. i have to stay home because i am vegan.
i do love the water but i am a vegan so i have no need for water.
do you like to cook? i love it.
