hi i just finished reading my 20th book. you?
i like to watch movies a lot, but i have never seen a horror movie
it is a great time for it. i am a huge fan of horror movies
oh, i see. i am a single parent.
wow, i am a stunt double for my second job
that is great, i am sure you are a great person
she does. i also have to take care of her, so i can afford to.
that is cool, i am a stinky stunt double for my second job
i am doing good. just finished work.
oh that is awesome. what type of work do you do?
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you are able to find a new job.
i work with cars. i own two of them, and two vintage mustangs.
yeah, that is cool. what do you like to do for fun?
i have a couple of old cars i like to work on.
oh, i like her music. what is your favorite song?
i am good and you
that is great! what are their names?
nope, i am a baby delivery nurse, so i don't get to go much
i like to go to disneyland and the movie
i have been to school. but i have to walk 3 miles every day.
i love to eat too much of everything.
i am a great baby.
i am doing good. just finished a delicious fancy tea.
i am sorry to hear that, i am a museum tour guide, i have to help people
that is great. i am a museum tour guide, so i know a lot about museums.
that is nice i have a big library at home
that is interesting. i am a tour guide.
what do you write about?
i am sure you are tough on yourself
i don't have a job
that is awesome i would love to work from home
yes, it is. i wish i could be superman.
oh, i see. do you have any other powers?
i am sorry. i hope you can do something you love.
my name is nancy. i am a girl.
yeah, i am sure they would be too
i do! i have 2 and love them
my cats named kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty and kitty....
names are jesse and mackie
that must be fun. i have a hat collection too
i am in my 30s and i have two cats
no, but i have 2 cats and a hat.
i have a lot of dolls, i love them. what do you do for fun?
i do. do you have any hobbies?
i love watching documentaries, especially the war ones
i do, a cat. i volunteer at the local food pantry.
yes, i have a few birds. i have been feeding them cheeseburgers.
yes i love them
i am 32. how old are you?
i am not old enough to remember
i bet you were. i hope you can be strong in your future!
i am doing very well thank you. and you?
i am a big wine fan.
oh yeah, i love running, i can run three miles every day.
that is nice i am not much for reading but i love to dance in the moonlight
red is the best. but i like white too.
i love wine, but i am a wine fanboy
it sure is. what are your hobbies?
no, i just have my tv on.
i don't want to live in a house, i want to dance with you
i don't have a tv.
what is your favorite food?
i love to drink wine and dance in the moonlight
i will be here until you are old enough to remember me!
i agree. but i am strong for my age. do you dance?
i am glad to hear that! what else do you do for fun?
oh i don't like summer, i love the cold
that sounds great. do you like to eat vegetables?
wow! i hope you enjoy your retirement
gambling is fun. i like to gamble.
yes, she lost a lot.
i will do that. i am going to play with my dolls tonight.
you are a very funny person
i hope so too! what is your favorite thing to do?
i am well. how are you?
i am a programmer and my mom is from india
no, i don't work. i am studying to be a computer programmer
i am not sure. my parents are very strict about their beliefs.
computer programming. i am trying to get into it. i love it.
cool, i work as a programmer for a company from india
i am studying for computer programming.
i am a teacher, i teach computer programming
do you like music? my mother is a traditional woman
i am a construction worker.
i am allergic to water, so i cannot do it on a farm.
i have a dog and a bird.
i love country. i love the beatles and the beatles are my favorite.
i like starcraft. i build robots. i am a game designer.
i just eat a lot of protein and water, i also like eating vegetables
i love dallas. my job is building robots.
i like to read too. i like to read about food
no i have not but i would love to. i have never been to olympia.
i am only 26, but i am hoping to retire in 6 years!
well i hope to go back to gymnastics. i am a gold medalist.
that sounds nice. i love to eat omelettes and pizza.
italian food is my favorite. i love to eat it.
i have never had the tea either, but it is my favorite.
hello! that was my childhood!
they did, they did a show there. i was there too.
what do you do now? i am in the 3rd grade
i do, especially the disney ones
they are all good and live a normal life.
i love singing from the movie frozen.
i do have a dog. i named him after my favorite movie. frozen.
i am the youngest of 4.
hi there! i am doing great. just got home from the vet.
i am not sure, but i would like to be a dr
i have been in a few accidents, and they are not good.
oh that is a great thing to do. what do you do for a living?
i don't know yet. i have a daughter.
i love math too. what do you like to do for fun?
my favorite movie is friday
probably not. but maybe it will be a good one. do you have any hobbies?
i am good. i just walked my dog. you?
oh that is cool. i am in school right now
i have been in the casino and outdoors.
i am a student, and i am a graduate student.
i have not. what do you like to watch?
i like jim but i am more into books.
i am glad he is dead.
it was very fun, i am a student now so i get to read all day
hello, i am great! just got back from work. how are you?
oh that is fun! i am going to school as a stunt double for my movies.
i like to read. i have a hard time with bones because i broke mine once
well, that sounds great. what are your hobbies?
i am in the same boat. i read a lot, and have lots of free time.
i like rock and roll, what about you?
no i am not into music
i have never heard of her. i am not a huge fan of hiphop.
i am a big fan of tacos
i don't have a lot of time for music but i love my work
i work with a record company, but mostly just my own.
yes, i love cars. what do you do for a living?
i am sorry to hear that. i love to live in california.
i don't think so. he is a little older.
she does! we are going to california soon. i love to go to
i don't think she would. she did not want to work with me.
hello. i am doing well. i have a dog named barnaby.
sorry to hear that. do you have a dog?
i don't like it i hate it.
i enjoy playing with my dog barnaby. i have him named barny.
i like nascar and my dog is my favorite.
my dad drove a car for nascar
it was a little while back, but now its just a pet peeve.
its very cold... i love cold
i am well. just got off work, custodian here for the bank. how are you?
that is nice. do you like to ride?
i play piano and guitar.
piano and guitar. i hope to make it big. what about you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am a musician and have been making a lot of money.
i play the guitar, and sing.
yeah i do what i gotta do
i am from new york. how about you?
do you have any pets? i have a cat and a dog.
i am sorry to hear that
i work at a bookstore.
i like to dance to music
wow, that is so cool! i am still in school
its so gross
oh my gosh, that sounds scary. i have not been to a store in years.
i am great, how are you doing?
i love to travel, but i am a little tired of it. you?
my dad is a comedian. i like him.
i am a high school student, i am in junior high.
he is in 3rd grade
i am not a builder. i work for a local home depot.
oh, that is good! i hope to have kids soon.
i am great! just got off work. how about yourself?
that sounds like fun, i like to work with people.
do you have any kids? i have two.
that sounds fun, i like to stay in touch with my friends
that is cool i have a dog and a kid
yeah they are i love them
i am sure it is, i have been in a lot of bad ones
i am a very lucky man
i am just relaxing with a glass of wine and a good book
that is cool! i hope to retire soon, so i can travel more.
my youngest is in a senior
i worked as a librarian.
i have been to spain once, i was in the military.
i am a librarian, my job is to read the books, i love it.
oh. i am a librarian. i am retired.
oh, i have never been there. i am sure it is nice.
i don't, i am still living with my parents
oh, i don't use drugs either, but i am not working right now.
wow, congrats! do you like it?
i am in construction. i am in the mexican food business
i love tacos, i am a taco fanboy, but love mexican food more.
tupac is great, but i am more into rap myself.
dream on is a good one. i like to go to the park with my friends
hello, i am a robot. i am building a new robot.
i hope so. i would like a robot that could be my body double.
i am trying to build a robot to be a body double for my famous stream.
i am a night owl. i love to watch star craft
it is, i like it. what do you do for fun?
i use a robot. it is easy and it does not stain.
no i am allergic to animals, but i would like to get a dog.
i have been working on a robot for a game i am developing
i am good how are you?
i live in california but i would love to be outside.
do you like music? i love listening to my favorite band, the beatles.
well he has to go... he has to get his life together
i am divorced. my kids and i have a studio.
i am sure it does. i love my daughters, but they are young enough.
rock, you? i love the beatles. what do you do?
i am a single dad, 46 and my wife and kids love to stay home.
hey, i am just chilling, relaxing, and watching some television. you?
i have been a buddhist since i quit my job
i like to read. i have not spoken to anyone in 3 months
i just want to focus on what i am doing now.
yes. i also have a spiritual interest, i am a buddhist. what about you?
i am in a relationship, and no one understands my religion
i am living in alaska, where i live is a buddhist monastery
i am really into meditation. i have been doing it for a long time.
i am good. just listening to some country. you?
it was ok, i was just working on the farm, i don't like working
i love winter, and all the corn that i harvest
that is so cute! i am a big trucker myself, and i have a farm with cows.
i live in a small rural town of houston.
it is in the midwest. i have a farm here too.
you could use your truck for a farm, that is where i work.
i love country music!
i am laughing because i am terrified of scpions!
i love my dog barnaby.
yes, i am a big fan of wines
that is cool. i don't have kids but my dog is a german shepherd named barnaby.
i can try, my father is a car salesman. he loves cars.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you like to do for fun?
that is so sad. what kind of dog is he?
that sounds like a fun place to live
i am doing well and you?
oh ok. that is a bit much.
that is nice. what do you do for work?
nice! i don't like to drive, i prefer nhl hockey to drive!
yeah i love it too, but my german shepherd would not let me
i have a german shepherd, he is a little pudgy
i love both but i prefer fruits
i love orange, they are so pretty! what do you do for a living?
i am fine and you?
yeah i am a bit social and i love to see new social media posts
i am more into social media
that is cool, i am a feminist.
i like to grill it with a grill. i have a solar panel on the roof
me either. i spend most of my time on facebook.
you should look for something like that. i love social media
me too! i love the organic stuff!
i am good, thanks for asking.
i am just hanging out with my wife.
i love the navy blue. what do you do for a living?
i am a marine biologist, but i am a navy girl
i am in the navy
i am a navy brat and volunteer at a local shelter
i do what i can.
i volunteer with my local animal shelter.
good! i am just hanging out with my blue eyes. and my red hair.
i do, i have many, i like playing the piano, i love music
i like to play with my pobox. what else do you like?
i don't like to be around people
i don't go to many classes either
i have a job at a school, i hate it, i don't get much time to go out.
i do! i like animals. i love animals.
not really. what about you?
hello! no i have never played it. i live in california.
i love donuts too. i am 46. i live in california.
i am a studio engineer and have a big family.
yeah, i just got back from a run inside. it was great
i love rpgs, i am a big game of thrones fan
i am a father of 46, i am also 46
i love watching them, but i don't have the money for that.
cool, i have a big house but no space for my 46 kids.
i have three sisters, and a brother
i don't really, i like to spend time with my family. you?
oh cool! i am a dancer, but i like to play sports.
no, i live in a rural area of alabama.
i have 3 dogs and 2 cats. you have any pets?
all pit bulls
i have 3 sisters. they are the closest i get to my brother.
nah, just staying here, my brother is a detective
i am good, just listening to some music
i like country music, it is the only music i listen to
i am a manager at a convenience store
yes weights. i am a manager at a convenience store.
you are a kid? i have a kid and she is only 2.
that is good. i hope i do too
i bought it in may of last year
no i have not, is it fun?
that is great i like to work on my farm
yes i have my own farm, i am a cattle farmer
i love the color red, reminds me of my cattle farm.
that is interesting, what is it?
i have a farm, and i work on the farm
i like to drive my big truck around
my dad is a farmer. he is a big farmer
i am doing good, how are you?
i don't think i am lonely. i just don't like wearing the color orange.
that is good, i am not a doctor but i love fashion
yeah i do but i am not very good
yes i do, i am a student.
i would love one! i am a college student, so i don't have much time for one.
i can handle it. i just hate orange.
i make minimum wage
i have been busy with school and my horse.
i will have to ask if you want to be my therapist
i do. i love all types of music.
do you have a favorite animal?
i am, but i am still in high school
i bet that is a rewarding job!
i am not sure what to do with that
i hope so, but i have to go now. i will come back when i graduate
oh no! that is so hard! i am so sorry to hear that!
i love to bake cookies and knit
i am not religious, but i do love baking cookies and knitting.
i am sorry for your loss. do you have a family?
i have a dog. she is a great cook.
you can come to my house and i will bake for you. i will bake all your cookies!
well i am a bit of a knitter.
i will, but i don't think i am ready to talk to a therapist.
i am doing great! i just got back from a walk.
i am doing well. i am a teacher and i love teaching.
maybe. my wife and i love gardening and walking outdoors
oh i see. i am a teacher and a mom
i teach kindergarten. what do you do?
it is about a woman who has a garden and walks outside and dogs.
gym teacher. i love gardening, so i garden at my gym.
it is not. i just don't know what i would label it as
i am doing well. just had a chemo and am going to be on bed rest.
that is great to hear. my kids are a little upset
i have 2 kids and a great grandson
wow, that is a lot of kids! do they like to watch sports?
i love rolling stones! i have a few of their albums, i like them.
that is cool, i have kids so its hard for me to do that
i hope to have some money soon. my children and grandchildren are always needing help.
that is awesome. my grandson has a smart phone
that is cool. i love animals. do you have any hobbies?
that is awesome. what do you like to do in your free time?
i love grey. what is your favorite color?
there are not any, they are pretty much harmless
my father was a mechanic. he was a vegan.
yes it is i just moved to new york
i love to skydive, but i have never been sky diving.
nice. i am watching a little kid.
i am a little girl, and my hair is very curly. i have a lot of hair.
cool. i like to take time to make time stop.
i know. i feel like it would help me feel better about my parents.
that is not nice. you should visit me. i am superman.
i would love that. i have a lot of superpowers
wow. that is a big house. i have a small house myself
what is your favorite color?
i am doing great, how about you?
it is raining here. my cats are so special.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a construction worker, so we are very busy.
that is why my cats keep me safe. 5 of them are my responsibility.
wow! i have never been a fan of tennis but i am a construction worker
i fix things that are not broken.
oh... i am a builder. i am also a cat person.
hi, i am well. i am a girl, so i don't have many friends.
i love reading! i don't go to school though.
i like the color blue. i wish i was an artist like her.
i am a girl and i have a lot of friends!
no, but i do have a passion for playing pogo.
i love to do hair color too. i also do a pobox.
that sounds interesting. i love to play pobox. do you like it?
hello, i am good. i am in the united states.
i am a vegan.
not as many as in texas
that would be great. i have a purple couch and i love the color purple.
i have a purple room, and i am vegan.
yes we talk every day
i am not really sure, i don't know how to live without my horses
i am not sure. do you have a favorite color?
sure. what do you like to do?
i have been dancing on the weekends since i got out of school.
that is a hard field. what are you studying
no, just a student. i am in school. what about you?
i live in the suburbs of detroit
i would love to live there. i am going to school for chemistry.
i am a huge sushi fan, especially the ones that are orange.
do you like to go to the beach?
hi dawn, my name is kim. i like to explore new areas.
that is awesome. i went to the park and played the violin.
i am 17, i am a senior in high school.
i play a few different kinds of instruments. i am pretty good.
i run with my band.
i don't run, i just volunteer there
i don't like it either. i am a volunteer at the shelter
i did. it was awesome!
i like to play with my dolls. what do you like to do?
because i am a dancer and i know it
i have a lot of other friends. we are very close.
i am not far away. i am just a four year old kid
that is so nice. what did you do?
i hope so! i hope you will be ok.
i am not sure i agree.... i love turtles
i have a turtle and a cat
hi i am a musician and love to run
i am sorry to hear that. i am still in love with my girlfriend.
the gym is great for stretching, i do it every weekend
nope i live in the midwest. i love the mountains
that is sad, do you like dogs?
a poodle named roger, he loves to run.
oh no. i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
i am good thanks for asking
i am a gym rat, and i love to go to the gym.
i do the same. i love to do cardio.
i bet you have a nice rack.
i have two dogs, they are my best friends
i am going to the gym soon, i am bored
i agree. do you work out?
i am a bit tired, so i am doing my workout, and then going to the gym.
good! just got back from soccer practice
i am not a big fan of math but i am good at soccer
that is a shame. what do you like to do for fun?
i am sorry you don't like math, it is hard
i don't have any, i am too old to go out
i am a soccer fan myself.
i like to dance to it, it is fun to me
what do you do for a living?
hi! no. i don't have time. my cat and dog keep me busy.
i have a cat and a dog. what is your favorite animal?
i like to go out and party with friends
i love those too. i am more of a sci fi person.
i like mean girls. it is a comedy.
i love folk music, it reminds me of my cats. they are my life
oh okay. i don't either. do you?
cool. i have a dog and cat.
i am doing well. just eating some french fries
i am a dog walker too. i love to take them walks!
yeah, i am really into kayaking.
single too! i live in a house.
we love it. what do you do for a living?
what kind of rapids?
that is cool i like to walk
that is exciting, what will you be doing?
i am doing good. how are you?
i love cheeseburgers too. i also love traveling the world, i
i am not good at it, but i like it
not really. i like cooking but i am not very good at it.
oh nice, that is awesome. what is your favorite food?
i am not good at cooking, so i would love to teach cooking and traveling
i would be, i love to teach and cook! i also like to travel.
i love documentaries and cooking. i am a chef, and i love to cook.
that is cool i am studying french for a band
i am not a big fan of work but i am learning to learn new languages
yes i love them! i also like to study spanish
i am not sure if i am positive or not.
cool. i am a musician, i play guitar.
do you play sports
thanks. i have studied spanish, and am learning french
i am not sure, but i am hoping to get into it.
hello! i am good. just getting ready to have another surgery. you?
well i was born with my heart inside my body.
i guess you are right. i have to have a heart in my body now
that is cool, i have had my heart in my body for years
that is so cool. do you know any celebs? i love acting.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a bank employee.
they are, but they love meat. i think they will grow to like meat.
yes. i have been feeling a little weird lately. i am a boy.
i am well. i am taylor swift and i love country music. you?
do you have a job? i work at a grocery store
i like country and pop
organic is not good for your teeth.
oh i have not ever used twitter. i don't have a job
i am a male. what do you do for work?
oh... i am a woman and i have a very nice armpit.
that sounds interesting, what do you do for fun?
good just watching the fights
i have been a construction worker for my whole life
i have had to have a lot of surgery. i am a construction worker
i like to watch sports and watch nascar
tacos are the best! i am a taco fanboy.
i am a construction worker
it is not bad. it pays well
i have been working at my construction job for 16 years
oh wow. that is impressive. i am a cook, but not very good at it
that is very nice. i wish i could help you with your cancer, i am a chef
that is awesome! i am a chef.
i am 23 and i still love food, but i am not very good at it.
i have been trying to find new restaurants in all the major cities.
i am 23 years old. i am not very good at running.
i would like that. i have been cooking a lot lately
oh that sounds like fun!
i do like painting, what is your favorite color?
wow, that is a lot of years. what do you do on your spare time?
you should go visit. i have a mini van.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. do you work? i coach my little league baseball team.
yes, i coach baseball, my son and i go to hooters.
you can always drink wine, it is my favorite.
what is wrong with your art? i like to drink wine.
that is very true.
i am good. i just moved to a new apartment
i am an extra at the register. i work part time, so it is a part time job.
i don't drink, i work at a burger king, and i don't do drugs
i don't know, i am still a kid.
i am not into drugs. i just don't want to be like my parents.
i don't watch videos but i do play guitar.
its josh. i am 19
i am doing great. i was born in the 80s so i love 80s music
i love dogs, i have one, he is a great dog
i am in the early 80s and i was born in the late 80s
i do, i have a cat named felix and i have two kids.
what is your favorite food?
that is cool, i love the new kids. they are fun
i like to dance a lot.
i am from new york, but i moved to california in the early 90s
hi! i am a swim coach, i have been there for years. what do you do?
that is great! i am studying computer programming, so i can program for myself.
i am a girl. my mom is traditional.
nice i am from texas too, i am studying computer programming.
yes it is. i love the water so i love it.
i love to swim, i am a great swim coach!
i will keep that in mind.
yeah, its a good thing. i have to study a lot to get better.
i love my best friend!! i am moving into an apartment with him!
i don't care for chicken either, but i do love food photography.
cool, i am a teacher at school. i am a teacher in elementary school.
i love taking pictures. what are your hobbies?
i teach elementary school. what do you do for work?
that sounds interesting. i teach elementary school.
that is great, i love spanish and french
i like the color of chrome too, but my boyfriend does not like it.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
i don't like unpacking boxes. i like to drive around in my civic.
that is unfortunate. i don't have any kids, but i do have a car.
i am a musician, i make music. what about you?
i am going to school for the production of music.
that is great! i am a producer and drive a civic.
that is so cool! what do you do for work?
good, i love chocolate and candy, you?
yes. i am a chocolate candy dog. you?
i am in high school now, i want to be a dog
because i like chocolate candy. i like the letters on my block.
i have to go. i have to go now. bye.
ll i don't know about that. i am not into disney.
i am 18 years old. you?
i am great. just getting ready for a family reunion
i am looking for a new job in the city, but i am not sure what i want to do.
that is a great idea. i like to go to the park to exercise.
yes i love to go to the park and enjoy the views.
that sounds like a good movie! i like horror. i am currently looking for a new job.
i like to go to the park and go to the park
yes they are. i am looking for a new job.
sure, i am an aspiring kayaker and love to hike
i am so sorry to hear that. i am a kayaker.
it does. i like to read about dogs
i like to read... journal and guide books are my favorite
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you do well in the marathon.
i understand. i love my job.
i have to read some stuff for self awareness, but i am not good at it
i am a kayaker, so i have to.
hello i am good and how are you
i am a teacher. my favorite is classical music.
i am in high school too
do you live at home or on campus?
i like to listen to classical music.
i do. i love watching sports, especially soccer and basketball
i have never tried to ride horses, but i do enjoy watching classical music on youtube.
hi, i am in cali.
i am a shoplifter and i feel old.
i was not in school, but i did get a scholarship for playing basketball.
i will do my best to do that.
i will try, she is visiting me tomorrow, i have to shoplift before then
i would love to, but my mom will not allow it
that is cool, my mom is going to visit me in a month
i want to be free
hi! i am good, how about you?
i am more of a gamer, but i love playing video games.
i am a girl with short hair and a band shirt.
i am more of a video game person, and i love to play games.
i am more of a music fan than anything. what about you?
yes i would love to go
thank you. what do you do for a living?
i would, but i am too skinny to share with you. you are welcome to join!
i just got home from work. i work in a factory
i like it too! do you have any hobbies?
that sounds like a good time, maybe you could make one about me, i produce music.
wow!!!!!!!!! that would be awesome
i like that flavor. what kind of music you like?
i love winter too. i have a car that is winter certified.
i like to play video games. and eat pizza
i don't play jazz, i don't like it. do you play anything?
hello! i live in california but the market is still good.
sure, i am in california but i live outside
i am a recording engineer. my own studio.
that is good. what is your favorite song to play?
what do you do for work?
they really are, especially when they are young.
i am an engineer. i also have a studio.
i live in california. it is a great place for people to live
hello, i am a elementary school teacher
i am sorry. i am a teacher and my students are always on vacation at the beach.
i was only in elementary school when i was 18
yes! i was hiking up the beach. it was amazing.
they are beautiful. i like to listen to them when i go for my vacation
no pets. i don't like them.
do you have any pets? i have two turtles.
i love italian food
no, but i do like the band the lumineers
nursing and i am trying to study for nursing school
that is a great goal to have. i am going to college
i don't know if i do but i will
i love my job. i am going to be a nurse. what about you?
yes, i am in college, i am gonna get a nursing degree
i am a nurse. i don't like the hospital.
i am good. just got home from the hospital
i am sorry to hear that. do you have a family?
oh i am so sorry to hear that
that is nice. i have a kid, he is triple.
basketball, but i have to watch my step children to enjoy it.
oh that sounds fun. i am a little scared of hockey
i am in new york state. i am expecting triplets in the next month.
i am doing well, thank you. what do you do for a living?
yes. i have problems in my life growing up.
cool i like dogs
that is a good idea i should try that
i love kids. i volunteer at the soup kitchen and have a great time with them.
i am sorry, i have been in the kitchen a lot, and i am not very good at it
i like wine too! i have a bottle of cheeseburgers.
i love watching documentaries about war.
hi. i play video games. what do you like?
i would be afraid to play with them. they are so cute
i don't know... i am not sure if my hair is red or blue
i have a dog. he has a red collar and blue eyes.
no, i am too young for that, i am only 12 years old.
i would love to go to a poyo place.
i don't have any dogs. i do have a poodle.
that is funny, what do you do for fun
i study a lot of different languages.
nice. i am not sure what i am going to major in.
i just moved to florida. i have a fish named krakatoa
yeah he did he was my only friend.
that is cool i am just going to go to the beach
i like to go hiking and see the sunrise.
yes they are. i also like to go hiking.
that is cool i am a fisherman
i am good. just got back from a long deployment
that is still a lot of money.
that is cool, i like to go there when i have time.
sorry to hear that. i am not in the army, but i did go to high school
that is nice i like to grow my own food
that is awesome. i have been to boston once.
that sounds delicious. i have never had one of those
that is nice. what kind of books are they?
i am good, i do like horses! i am a postal service employee
i like the name sirius too. do you have any pets?
i have seen a lot of them in the country. i live in a rural area.
i am a big fan of nascar, i have a job for the postal service
i work at the post office and deliver packages.
oh nice. what do you like to eat?
i like photography, it is fun to take pictures of everything.
i have a german shepherd named barnaby
i am not in college, but my daughter is a child prodigy
i have not been. i have been to europe before.
i enjoy watching movies and going to the park
i am in love with my daughter and her career.
i like it too but not as much as my daughter. she is a pro kid
i love it, but it is not for everyone. i like it with hummus.
yes, but i am looking for something new
thanks i do too.
i am great. i am eating my favorite food, hamburgers and fries. you?
i don't really like to eat food.
sounds great. i am sure you will have a wonderful time.
that is good. do you have any hobbies?
that is great, my husband and i have a lot of kids.
that is great, i hope they will love my hamburgers and fries.
i bet. i hope to take them on walks. i walk to the house sometimes.
mine is blue and pink.
i love hummus. i am in a shoplifting class tomorrow. i will be buying hummus
no. i like to shop.
yes i can, i can get you out of a store
yes. my mom is going to visit me tomorrow.
that is very kind of you
i am sorry to hear that. do you like shopping?
it is okay. my mom and dad moved here from germany as well.
i am doing well, and you?
i wish i could go to the park
i work as a dr at the local hospital.
you can do it, you just have to work hard.
yes. i am looking for a new job
my daughter is going to school. i hope she gets better soon.
i like all movies but i am not a big movie fan
i am in california now. i was born in friday
i am good and you?
i think you are right. i have to try it
that sounds good! i will be there in a minute.
a poodle named charlie. he is a little monster. what do you like to do?
i don't think i have ever been to canada. what is your favourite food?
very warm and sunny, but i like the cold. do you like music?
yeah it is, i am in cali, what about you?
i love the cold. i drive a civic.
i am good, how are you?
i have a few horses, and some cattle. you?
what kind of music?
i hope so too. my dream is to become a lawyer, but i am a bit nervous.
i hope you do too!
that is awesome! i hope to live in the city someday.
that sounds like a good plan
yes i am very good. what do you do for work?
i am a nurse. how about you?
oh no, i was born with my heart outside my body.
i am sorry. i am sure you are very proud.
i have an inner heart inside me, i can see my own heart
i will believe it when i see it too
you should. it is a cool story.
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am sure they will be okay.
i don't have a social life, i am always busy with my surgeries
i am doing great. how are you?
brownies? i am a professional baker.
yes, i do, i am a violinist.
not really, it is my job to make you happy
i love the outdoors, especially in new parts of the city.
i am sorry to hear that.
no. i am a volunteer at a shelter and i love to explore new areas.
i am a musician. i am also a volunteer at the homeless shelter.
sorry to hear that. i donate a part of my salary to a local charity.
that sounds good, i volunteer at the humane society
i agree. i am always hungry after i donate a lot of my salary.
i have to work in my spare time, so i don't watch tv.
that is awesome. i am still in school.
i am so sorry. i don't have any myself.
that is so funny. i am not sure i could do that
oh no. i am so sorry to hear that. do you have any pets?
great. just hanging out with my violin, and you?
i love board games! i also like to volunteer at the local shelter.
i love to explore new parts of the city
no i have not, i am actually a violinist
thank you i do a little bit of everything
i have a degree in piano but i am not good at it.
every weekend. do you play an instrument?
good, just got back from teaching elementary school, how about you?
sorry to hear that. my boyfriend and i have been in an apartment for a couple of months.
i am only 18 as well, i teach in a kindergarten
that is great. i love taking pictures of the sunrise, it is my favorite.
nice. i like to take photos of the fish.
i teach elementary school, so i get to spend lots of time with my students.
yes i have i am going to take pictures there
i have been to paris. i am a teacher
hi. no. my mind is too busy. what about you?
that is awesome! what kind of surgery was it?
i am sorry to hear that. i am glad that you are feeling better now.
i am. i am also a huge fan of the band iron maiden.
cool, i like those too. i also spend my money on cars.
oh that is interesting. i like to go to the gym to workout
that is fun. i am not a swimmer but i like to go to the gym to workout.
hi, i am doing well. just got a new job.
oh wow, that is cool! what do you like to do?
well i would start by eating less junk food and running
i am always trying new things to do. i also love to eat healthy foods.
i am not very athletic either
i love to run and cook, i am also a great eater
they are both very athletic and i love to cook
i am really into running and cooking
hi tracy, that sounds interesting. i am a dancer, i love to dance.
yes, but i don't believe in the moonlight, i am too strong.
cool. i am very strong. i can lift a truck.
i don't work, i just dance in the moonlight
i like to dance in the moonlight.
i do. i love the radio. i listen to it all day.
i have a lot of wine, so i can drink it all day.
i am great, how about you?
i play with my dolls, but i don't get to play with them often.
i have two dogs. do you like to play?
that is great! i love dogs.
i love her to bits, she loves me to bits too.
i do. my best friend lives right next door, i could babysit for him.
yeah, i think i will. i am not picky. i love my dolls.
i love chocolate ice cream, so yes!
i like to add them to my coffee
i have three kids, they are the best, what about yours?
three boys and three girls. i am a plumber, what do you do?
oh wow that is awesome! i am not a big mountain biker
i like to eat chocolate ice cream, and play in the nfl.
anything about plumber and how to get them fixed. you?
yes i have. do you have kids
i do, they are my best friend
that sounds like fun. i have a few dogs.
i have a cat and dog. i like to exercise with them.
winter is nice, but i prefer summer, because it is more fun to run in the snow.
no but i would like to. do you like the olympics?
wow! that is impressive!
i agree! i do a lot of cardio in my spare time
lol. i have been to the creek on my boat.
they can be quite friendly
i bet! what do you do?
i have a few of those. i am a girl too.
that is cool. i don't have many friends, but i like them anyway.
that is good. i don't have a lot of friends, but i love to play with my bunny.
i have never eaten a pobox.
i am a kid. i am a kid.
i am doing well. how are you?
that is great! i am working on a promotion
do you have a favorite band
oh that is cool i work at a store that sells supplies for a store
i have a short brown hair that is so hard to achieve
do you like t swift? she is the best.
i bet! what do you want to study
i am from new york, where are you from?
i do like pizza. it is good. what do you like to do?
i love it with a side of hot grits.
that is cool, do you like to shop?
i don't know if you are joking or not.
i don't have pets. i am not picky when it comes to pets.
i just got him when my best friend moved in next door
yes, i love all music except country.
my best friends are in a band
i am sorry. i am rob dryden.
i broke my arm skateboarding to the hospital
yes, i do. i don't think it is that old.
that is nice, i am not married. i have a wife and two kids
i work at a skate shop
why not? it is your choice.
i am sure that will come to pass
i am married. i have a daughter.
oh that is cool! what do you study?
oh i see. i was born in somalian country.
that is cool. i was in the army when i was a kid
no i am a single mom and my aunt was a nurse
thank you. it was nice talking to you.
oh i like death metal too! i was born in somalia so i am not sure what you mean.
that is cool i have never done anything like that
i am good. how are you?
you can do anything you want to do. i believe in you
oh, that is not true, i have a dog, he is my german shepherd
i love hockey. i like watching nhl hockey
that is great! how long have you been married?
they sure are. what else do you like to do?
that would be great. i have always wanted to visit there
oh that would be so cool! i would love to see it
i have a buddhist meditation retreat in the woods where i live.
thank you! do you like to meditate?
oh that is so good. i am sorry you had to go through that.
i am a buddhist. i have been a free spirit since my job
what kind of life coach are you teaching?
you are very welcome! i am a buddhist. do you have a family?
i agree. i am a buddhist. i have not spoken to anyone in three months.
i have not done a marathon but i am very active.
i am doing well. how are you?
that is fun! i don't do drugs. i do have a job at a burger king
that is great. i work in an office
that sounds rough. what kind of work do you do?
i don't dye my hair. i don't like the look of dyed hair.
red is a nice color. my parents don't allow me to drink.
pink. what color is your favorite color?
i am 19. i have a part time job at burger king
i am doing well. just got back from disney.
i love the beach too. i am in 3rd grade.
i am in the 3rd grade
that is cool. i am in high school.
i love to play with him.
nope. i am not a big fan of the park.
i know. i will ask them when i get older.
i have to get up early to disney every year.
hi i am doing great. how are you?
that is cool. i am just watching a war documentary.
i have a few, mostly in the city. i love to go to a soup kitchen
i am sorry, i am sure your cats love your company.
i have 4 dogs and 3 cats. i also love to watch documentaries on them.
yes i agree with that. do you have any hobbies
thanks. what do you do for fun?
cats are nice. what are your cats names
i am going to go out to eat with my husband and our twins
that is so sweet! do you have any kids?
reading a book every week, and running.
i have been married for 6 years. and i have been married 3 years. you?
i have read a lot too, and a lot of books on birth
i wish you the best! i hope to finish college soon
i am the oldest. my husband and i are going to start our own restaurant.
yeah. i don't think my husband would approve. he does not want kids.
i am doing well! just got back from my shift at home depot.
i am a southern girl. i love the south!
i don't have any pets, do you?
i am a dog lover too, i am just not very good at them.
i am planning on going to a horror film festival.
i like all kinds of movies. i am not really a fan.
i love to watch them
i teach elementary school, but i teach english as well and i love taking photos
i am a teacher and teach elementary.
what is your favorite color? mine is red
i am not into country, i prefer to listen to rap and r b.
they really are! i am really into photography, and taking pictures of everything
i don't. i am moving in with my boyfriend. we are getting married.
i bet you would love to photograph them
i am great, how about you?
i have been watching too much television
triplets are awesome! do you have a job?
i am single. i don't have a relationship with anyone.
that is nice. do you have any hobbies?
do you have a favorite food to eat?
i work in a library. what do you do for a living?
i have a hard time with kids. i spend my money on cars and tv.
hi, i am good how are you
i am not sure i would be able to handle that many books.
i bet you get to travel a lot. i would love to travel someday
that is awesome! my family is from a small town.
i love tea. i am a mall girl. i am a barista.
i hope so. i will have to make time to go horseback riding with my family.
that is great. i have been to a few horse shows and have always wanted to go back.
no i am a big rap fan, you?
country is good. i run for queen of england.
no. i am not. you are just famous. i am a physical therapist.
it is very nice. i am not sure what to do with it yet.
i run, i love to run!
no i don't track. i am in high school and want to be a physical therapist
i want to be a physical therapist, but i am not sure i would be very good at that.
i am well, just playing with my friends at disney world
that is a funny way of spelling cat
i have a water allergy, and i like to go to disney world
i am in 3rd grade. do you like adam?
no i don't play it. i play with friends
cool. i love robotics, and i am in school to teach robotics
i don't think so, but i like it.
i am good, just listening to up. you?
what kind of music do you like?
i teach elementary school, my kids love it too
i am a teacher. what kind of music do you like?
yes, it is a beautiful place. what do you do for a living?
yeah it is. what do you like to do for fun?
i do. i teach elementary school
i bet they do. what are you up to today?
i am in florida, i am in my office selling products
no i just work here
i am not a fan of country myself, but my sister is a fan.
that is a shame, i am sure you have many friends.
i like country music. do you like country music?
i don't like country but i like country music
that is a nice car. i drive a nissan. i like country.
i am not sure i would go with the first one.
hello! yes i love metal music! i am good and you?
i am from india too. i have been here since i was a child.
yeah i am okay i am just a little bummed out
that was boring. i am a boy. i was born with my heart inside my body.
i have never been to the hospital
i have a hard time swimming, but i am able to move objects with my mind
i am a boy so that is not really a skill i have
yes, and i will do my part for sure. i am a boy so my heart is in my chest.
my older brother was too, but he is a clown now.
i love it. do you have any fears?
no, i am afraid of them.
i agree. i have a job at a gas station.
i love rascals. i love the atmosphere.
that is good. i just got a job in a gas station.
well, i am a clown. i am the reason clowns scare me. you?
i work at a gas station.
that sounds like an interesting job. what kind of internet do you use?
that is cool. i have two kids who love to play games
i used to be a painter. now i am a housekeeper.
no. i am 56. i am a 56 year old woman.
probably just stay with my two grown children.
me too. i have two grown kids. i would be scared too.
i do, and i do my part as a 56 year old woman.
i am pretty but i don't think i am pretty enough.
no i don't like strange
that is a lot. do you have any hobbies?
i am in a house with a big yard.
that is nice. i work too much.
yes i do have to take my blood sugar everyday now.
i love it. i don't drink it, but i do love to eat it.
that sounds great! we should do that.
i am a pretty good artist.
i am a professional tanning.
i like to tan in my spare time
i have been in stunt films... i am not a good actor.
i am a high maintenance person and i don't like to eat too much.
she is a famous singer and a great model
not much. i am more into watching.
i am not much of a reader. i am more into spending money on things i need.
i am working for a watch dealer. what about you?
i like to shop. i like all the shoes and watches.
oh, cool. i work for a watch dealer.
i don't know. i just like the way it is.
i don't have a truck but i am a huge watch dealer
i do love music! i love the rolling stones.
do you have any other hobbies?
i like to go shopping for watches and shopping for shoes.
hey how are you?
i like britney spears.
i love spending money, but i don't get to use it
i work for a insurance company
i don't know but my mom is not working
yes. i am a little sad.
i do, i love wearing my skin tone in the sun
i am sorry. my dad was in the military. i had to work for him.
hi bob i am jim. i have a lot of hats.
i like to go shopping and have a lot of hats
i spend a lot of money too, but i don't have a job
i love her. i have a lot of old clothing.
i have two cats that love the snow and snow accessories
i have to go, my cat is making me hungry. i love cats.
that is a good one. i like vanilla ice cream.
i am too but i love vanilla so i don't eat it..
nice. do you cook? i love to cook, but love comics books more.
i am not much into sports. but i love cooking.
i like to watch the gymnastics. i am a huge fan. do you watch sports?
i am a chef, and i love it
oh, i love cooking, but i like comic books more.
i am a cook, i like to cook for people
i am also bi
what kind of food do you like?
hi, i am in the midwest. i love the cold weather
that is great. i am going to school to be a veterinarian
i am in school for being a veterinarian
i am a vet and i am a vegan
that is a good color.
i am too but i don't like it.
wow! that is cool! i am a vet, but i hated it.
that sounds like a great life
i love bees, i have one.
yes i do, i am a farmer
that is awesome. i am a farmer. i love papaya.
i am not married, and i am a bee farmer.
i am a potato farmer and love them.
i am a huge papaya fan. what do you do for a living?
thanks! i have a couple of kids, so i am a bit stressed.
its good, i am a model.
that is fun! i love to dance.
cool! where do you live? i have a job in the shipyard.
yes. i am a part time nurse for a local animal rescue.
oh that is cool i donate a part of my salary to the local animal shelter.
i don't dance. i don't have a job.
no, i have not got one. i don't know why.
it was a pleasure talking to you.
yes it is! what are you up to today?
i am doing great, and yourself?
i am a gymnast. i like gymnastics too
i am 25. do you like to exercise?
red is great! do you have any other hobbies?
i don't have time to do it anymore, i am in gymnastics and i work 4 days a week.
my best friend lives in a big city. i live in the suburbs.
haha, i don't have many, i just love it.
hi there, how are you?
yes i love it. i am also a music lover
i have a hard time being a musician, but i love it
that is awesome. i love folk music.
yes i guess so. i don't have family so i don't really get out much.
yes i love music. i am married and have a wife.
i have never had lobster. do you have family?
yes! i also have a garden. i am very cultured
hi i am great, how are you?
cool. i am a construction worker and my cats love it
i live in california. what about you?
that is cool i am in cali too. my cats are my family.
i am a construction worker and my cats are my best friends.
i like to build my house, and i like to garden.
i love cats, i have 5 and they are my world
hi there. i am doing good. how are you?
i have a couple of kids, i have to stay busy
i am glad they are over, i was a painter but i am now a housekeeper.
i do. i have two grown boys and two grown girls.
i am a housekeeper, i take care of them. what do you do?
i am a painter. i used to paint a lot but now i work as a housekeeper
yes i love it. what about you?
hello! my children and grandkids are 29 and 29
i don't have any, but my children and grandchildren love them
i would rather be at the beach. i have a great grandchildren
no. i have to use my cell phone. its my best friend.
no. i have a cell phone, though! i use it to call my grandkids all the time!
i love to go hiking.
i am not but i have a great grandchild and my kids are wonderful
i hope so. do you like to travel?
i am great. how are you?
i am doing well, playing chess online with my four year old.
that is so adorable. do you have any siblings?
i am 4... i have to get him some chocolate now
i am sorry to hear that, do you have any hobbies?
chocolate. i love to eat it.
mine too, i love chocolate candy.
i am 4 years old. do you have any pets?
i am doing well. just finished a video for my new game
wow! that is awesome! i am a game developer myself
that is awesome, i am more of a baseball guy.
i love yellow, it makes me feel so fancy.
garlic bread is my weakness. i am allergic to that stuff.
i love to watch it
oh wow, i like that too.
yes we are, we need to finish this game.
i am good. i am retired from a gym and am looking forward to having a break.
that is fun i am a retired teacher
i am a retired teacher and i love cheeseburgers.
i don't remember but i did get my own uniform.
i am a gym teacher, so i have a lot of shirts with sleeves.
i would say so. my kids are grown so now i have time to teach.
i do what i can
i am from the us. where are you from?
walking around my house. i live in a house.
i love fries and soda, what about you?
i am not sure. i don't like sugar. i don't eat much.
that sounds like a good plan!
i love french fries and hamburgers.
because i am not drinking it. do you have a boyfriend?
i don't drink soda. i am a vegetarian.
good. just got done watching a movie from the frozen series.
yes. it was great! i love to go to disneyland.
no i am not psychic, but my friends love it
lol, that is a good way to put it.
i think i might have to do that
i can not do anything. i am in 3rd grade. i am not good with technology.
that is great! do you like to sing?
i am an olympic medalist. how old are your kids?
wow that is a fun bunch
cool! i have a yellow minivan.
i like blue too, it is the color of my gymnastics medals.
that is a good choice, i like to eat a lot of pasta.
do you like to drink wine?
i do. i am a gymnast
i am a gymnast and i love it!
i am good. just eating my wife and kids. how about you?
no. i don't like taylor swift. i am not very religious.
i am a huge country music fan, what is your favorite song?
yes i am a manager at a grocery store
i am not religious.
i wish i had time for that, but i spend most of my time on facebook
i love dogs, they are the best. do you have any hobbies?
nice. what do you do for a living?
i am good, just watching some tv. how are you?
i love the movie, and the horses!
i don't, i have a family farm and i grew up on one.
no i have not seen it
that is cool. i am not sure how to sing.
that is cool i have a farm
it was, and now i am a lawyer.
i am a car salesman, what do you do?
i am a car salesman. what do you like to do?
i like singing too. i am a car salesman. i sing to sell cars.
i am a car salesman
oh, you are not very old are you?
what is the name of the dog? i will name him ruffles.
yeah, it is hard. my wife does not like it, so i am just gonna leave.
you will have fun. i work as a car salesman.
hello i am doing good. how are you
triplets are great. what are their names?
i pray for you, i have been a horse farm girl for years
i am a lawyer, i know a lot of people.
oh, you must have been quite the horse then.
i am not sure. maybe it does. do you have any hobbies?
oh, that is sad. i grew up on a farm, where are you from?
i was born in spain. my parents raised me on a farm.
i am doing great. just finished my 3rd plate of tacos
no i don't, but i do love dogs
they are a handful but so much fun
that sounds amazing! do you like dogs? i do, and i love tacos.
oh that is awesome. i am in alabama.
i live in alabama, i have 3 sisters and they are all here.
i would be so happy that someone would come and dog sit for me!
that is true, i guess. do you like tacos?
hi. i am a construction worker.
i have not. but i am very careful with my cats.
my cats are the best! i have 5 of them
i am sure he will come around one day. i am sure he is a very busy man.
i like to take care of the cats
i love my cat, i am so lucky to have her.
i have five cats
no i just like to be a cat lady
i am great. just got home from work.
well i am a college student, and i work in a bar.
that is great. i work at a bar, so i don't get to go home often.
no pets but i have a best friend
i love cats and dogs. i also like blonde hair and blue eyes
nice, i love them. i have to work late tonight so i cannot go see them.
i am 6 3 with blonde hair. do you have any siblings?
i am good. just getting ready for the new job i am doing here
not really. my husband does. he is the best.
i love animals too. what do you do for a living?
yes, a pug named corky
yes. i am pregnant with my first child.
i am still in college. i just started a new job.
nah, i am a pretty calm person. what do you like to do?
yes i love the song. what do you do for a living?
no, i was just studying. i like to fish and chips
that sounds fun. i like dogs, but fish are my weakness
me too! i have a weakness for fish tacos. do you have any?
yes, my dad is in the hospital. i visit him every year. you?
mostly painting, but sometimes drawing too. i don't have a lot of artistic abilities.
i am sorry. i am a bit slow too.
i have a dog that is named kj
i am good. i was just reading a book
i don't have any, but i do love coffee!
i am a coffee lover, so i am a barista
i love shoes too, but i like to wear pink.
i love that stuff. my dad was a construction worker, and drank it.
i am a big coffee lover. i have a lot of empty cans
i am not a big coffee drinker.
good. i am going to school right now.
i am 60 years old. i am a soccer coach.
i am a soccer player
no, but i do ride the bus to school
i love to go to a restaurant and watch football.
i would love to have a restaurant with lots of food.
she is the reason i am on the soccer team.
i try to be. what do you do for a living?
i am well, thank you. i am watching the olympics.
i don't have a farm but i have three dogs. do you have any?
mine is james
i do too. i have been in an open relationship for 3 years.
well, i am an open polyamorous person so i exercise all my relationships.
i have been watching an olympics. it is my favorite.
yes i love music. my dad sold door to door door.
i do enjoy the country life. i like to walk dogs.
my favorite band is the gym.
i am not into music. i don't like the sound of the machine or the treadmill.
i am a bit bored with the gym, i don't have the energy
not right now. i am trying to build up a gym membership.
i am majoring in psychology, i love psychology. what do you like to do?
i am sorry. what kind of house do you have?
it is so worth it, my short hair is so frizzy
i have a little over 2 inches on mine.
i am good. how are you doing?
nice! what are you up to this evening?
i like to go for a walk and listen to music. you?
do you like tacos?
oh that is cool. i like watching sports.
i am a waitress at a restaurant.
i love music! i listen to it while i race my car.
i am doing great! just got home from a long walk!
that is a lot. i am in chicago as well.
oh that is nice. i have always wanted to visit.
i don't like soda, so i don't eat it.
well i am sure there is a way
i don't want to be a millionaire.
i guess so. what else do you do?
i will have to try that. i am hungry now.
yeah it is, i would love to go there one day
do you ever go to the horse ranch where they have horses?
that is great. i wish i had moved to a city.
i have never been on one. what kind of cruises?
i have to get up in the morning for my job on the farm
oh, i am sure you will. do you like horse meat?
that is cool. i have always wanted to go there.
yes i will! i will also be cooking horse meat for you.
i am doing well and you
i like to go to the bar at night to play games
you should get a casino
that is nice, do you have any hobbies?
i like chicken, especially chicken nuggets.
i don't like to go south
you are lucky. what are you going to college for?
i don't know, he is not here with me
i just got back from my horses. i love riding.
that is cool. i like string instruments too. i have been playing since i was a kid.
i hope to move to the city soon and work for them.
that sounds like a fun hobby.
that is awesome. my family has a horse farm.
yes, i want to move to a city, where the people are nice
it did. i was a little bummed about the whole thing though.
no, i was raised on a farm on the farm.
good and you
that is cool. do you like to play tennis?
i bet. i love my job, but it is hard too.
nice. i love disney. my wife and i have been to disneyland a few times.
reading is nice. i am a professional tennis player.
since i was 18
i don't but i have a wife that lives in the house with me
they don't travel, but my wife and i walk around together.
i am doing well. just finished work. how about you?
i have 2 cats too. they keep me busy.
that is cool. i have a love for tacos
i like collecting things... i have a collection of aerosmith hats
i have never been to an olympic medal race
i like to watch nascar and watch ufc
it is! i also enjoy watching sports.
i like all kinds of music. what do you do for a living?
hey there. i am good. how are you?
i am in the midwest. what about you?
haha, i don't think so. do you like to play sports?
i am looking for a job.
that sounds fun! do you play any sports? i like basketball.
my mother is a dentist, so i know how that goes.
i am a chef, i am looking for a new job. do you like cooking?
hello, i am doing good, just playing with my dolls.
hey roddy, my name is josh. how are you?
i agree. what else do you enjoy doing?
i am not retired. my kids are my responsibility
do you have any hobbies? i like to paint and draw.
that would be nice. i have a toy collection. i am obsessed with them.
i would like that too. do you have any hobbies?
i like to gamble too but not as much as i like to play with dolls
i am doing good, how are you?
no, i have three children. i don't have time.
that is a lot! what kind of work do you do?
oh that is cool, what kind is it
i like to play with my kids
chocolate, i love it
i like ice cream, my favorite is chocolate.
i love meat and pizza
yes! i love it. it is so fun!
i don't know. my dad was a very athletic man.
i have never ridden a horse.
wow that is cool. i am a life coach
i am a cancer survivor, i love painting
i have a new job. i am a coach for the track
i am vegan, but i am also a runner.
i am sorry. what do you do for work? i am traveling the world.
i am sorry. i am 23. i am trying to travel the world for a year
i have a cat named rosa
i like to cook but not so much as travel
that sounds like a fun job
no i don't have a fursuit.
i am a guy, i love food.
hey jefferson, i am in a ford pinto. you?
i am a ford dealer
no, but i do like to do it on the weekends. i don't play much though.
i like to do some role playing
what are sims? i don't have any pets
i have played it before but never played the new one.
they are, but i am not a fan of them.
i love the outdoors, and i am in the habit of driving for a living
i am just chilling in my apartment.
that is cool. i work as an engineer for a bank.
oh, that sounds great! where did you grow up?
that is cool. i am in colorado, so i get rain pretty often.
yes! i am excited to use it in the spring
i love it! i am going to bring my guitar.
that sounds great, i will bring my guitar
that sounds like it would be fun
i am well. how about you?
i am a custodian at the hospital
that is cool, i am an extra on the family side
that is nice i am a custodian for the city of minnesota.
i don't have a father, my parents are very supportive of me.
i hope so, i am trying to keep my dream alive.
i don't know, but i am a bit of a hippie.
i just think it is a little weird.
i am good, just got back from a gym, i am a gymnast.
that sounds like fun. do you like pasta? i love italian food.
i love aerosmith. do you like to listen to music?
nope! i am a gold medalist and olympic medalist.
yes mexican is the best. what is your favorite food?
i am in a gymnastics gym. what about you?
i don't have time for that. i am an olympic medalist
i am a huge fan of radiohead
oh no! that is awful. i hope you get out soon.
i work on vintage cars. i have two. do you?
i have a lab and a chihuahua.
no i have not. i am a big country fan myself
i do too, i am a little lonely with them.
what is your favorite music? mine is country.
i am a little older than you, but my dogs are the best. they make my country playlist.
i am a big country fan. what about you?
hello, i am good. i am just hanging out with my friends. you?
that is cool, i play video games on the weekend
wow, you must be really good
i don't know if i could do that. my heart is inside me.
i love donuts, i don't eat them though
no, but i like to pretend.
i would. i like to do that on the weekends
oh my, i would love to do that. do you have any hobbies?
hi i am not really into that but it sounds like fun
i love money too. i have lots of money.
i have a lot of friends, but i don't like to hang out with them.
that is a nice combination!
i like to play games with my friends.
i love to play, do you have any hobbies?
i like to play pobox with my friends
he is cool. i like to play pobox and play with my friends.
i am a huge fan of ice cream and i have two cats
i have to eat it because i love cats and they love to eat.
wow, i have never heard of ladders.
oh, that sounds fun. do you like winter?
i won the gold medal in the olympics. i love the winter and snow
oh, i thought you said you were allergic to them.
not really, my two cats are keeping me busy!
no kids, but i have two dogs
i agree, it would be a good job for a good doctor.
yes, it is. i have been together for 6 years, but i have been divorced for 3.
i am sorry, i have seen the movie friday
what do you do?
yes i was. i was a little tired of being a dr
i have been working at home depot for a while now
i like to make characters, i am a dr.
hello. i am doing ok. i just bought a house.
yes it could not. i am a vegan.
i am sure you will be very rich!
i am very happy. i eat a strictly vegan diet
do you have any kids?
no, but my husband is an engineer.
i love to listen to the rolling stones
that is great! i am married to a man who is a rock star.
i am great. how are you doing?
yes it is. i hope to teach elementary school soon
i love red, reminds me of summer time.
i am a cat person. my boyfriend and i are moving in together
i am a teacher, what do you do?
lol....... i bet you are pretty organized
english, spanish and french. do you have any pets?
i like to go to parties with my boyfriend
good. i am pregnant. how are you?
it was about the family, my husband and i have been together for years.
it is a good documentary, and it shows the world how much they are hurting.
me too! i am pregnant, i am hoping to find love in the outdoors.
no i am not religious.
what do you do in your spare time?
that is cool. what is your favorite kind of movie?
i am good. how are you?
i don't like any foods, i don't like orange, it is the color
i am a vegan, and i love the color orange. you should try it!
i work at the bookstore, but i don't care much about fashion
i like to dance and dance and dance.
oh i have a dog, i have a cat, and a dog.
no but i have a cat, i have a lot of dogs.
no. i am a bookstore clerk and don't like animals
not really. my name is larry. i am a cook
that is awesome! what is it called? i love cooking but i also like to fish
i love to cook, i also like to fish. you?
i like fish and anything clean and healthy. i love cooking and fish.
i like fishing too.
i am not a comic book person but i love them!
that is awesome. i am a cook, but love to cook
i am also a fisherman.
i am doing well, just got back from work.
i don't think so, i don't really like to compete
do you have any hobbies? i like to read books.
i know that is why i don't have kids.
yes i am trying
i hope you enjoy your retirement!
yeah. i have been to a few races and seen some pretty interesting people.
i am good and you
i am in the library. i have a big book collection. you?
i am a museum curator, but i am not sure if that is a job.
i love reading. i am a big fan of reading.
i have a diet that is very low in sugar. i like it.
i would love that. what is your favorite fruit?
i have not. i have been to the library a few times though.
i am sure they have some great stuff. i am a curator at my local library.
i am good. how are you? i am in a band and hope to be big one day
no, i am a professional musician, but i am not a musician.
i am a musician, but i am a custodian at the hospital. i hope to make it big!
i play guitar and i hope to make it big one day
i did not pass the audition, but i hope to make it big!
oh, that sounds like fun. i am more of an instrument guy.
that is great, i hope to make it big someday.
that is a good point. do you play any instruments
i am well, how about yourself?
my name is mary, i also have 2 cats
i love them. i have a lot of them.
wow. do you have any pets?
coffee is my vice, but i love vanilla. what is your favorite food?
i love wine. i have a collection of over 1000.
that sounds nice. i have a cat named corky. he is the most loyal pet
i like wine too. i have over 1000. i have 2 cats
i am good, how are you?
that is a long time, i have 5 cats.
i am a student too. i work construction.
that would be a lot of fun!
yeah, it was fun. i am going back for more.
it was. i have to work in my house to pay for it
i am sure it is! i work on construction, i don't have the energy to take care of them.
yes. i like to drink while i am building my new house.
hi, my name is sarah. i am doing great, and you?
that is cool i am not a student i am a trainer
i am from a small town, but i am not too far from the east coast.
wow, i don't have a lot of time to spend with my two dogs, they are with me
that is too bad, i am sure they would be a good pet
i like it. i have a long hair dog. he loves to be run.
oh, that is great! i love doing the rowing machine and treadmill. do you work?
oh that is good. i don't work right now. i am bored
i am good, just working on a project at a bar. you?
i live in nyc. i am a bartender. what do you do?
i am male. what do you do for a living?
i don't like chicken, but i do love to eat it.
i love pizza too. my best friend and i are going to have pizza later
i work at a bar at night
i don't have a motorcycle, but i do like riding my bike
good! how about you? i just bought a new home
i am sure you are not alone
oh i am sorry. i have a dog named corky
i have never been there either. i am in the midwest.
that is a great idea! i will look into it.
i am trying. i work for a bank.
i sleep a lot because i am expecting twins.
that sounds nice. i would like that. i just bought my first house.
i am great! just got home from work. how about yourself?
i have been there before, but it is a long recovery! i enjoy it
what do you do for work?
i am a house owner, i own a house in florida.
i am a boy who is 45 years old
i hope you do. i hope you do.
i have a lot of freckles. my kids love to see them
i have a dog and kids
sure, what are you up to?
i am a banker. i am a student in finance.
business, i want to go to business school
nice. do you have any hobbies?
i am a yale graduate. my parents are very wealthy.
i am a banker, i am very rich, but i like to drive a bmw.
that is cool. do you like it?
i drive a bmw
i love donuts too, but i like to eat out with my friends.
i enjoy eating out. i love italian food.
i am getting married next spring.
i don't play that much. i work in the school as a kindergarten teacher.
i am not much of a gamer, but i like to play with friends.
a school for kids, i am 24 years old and i teach kindergarten
i drive a black lexus.
i love the new ferrari.
hello, i am 10. my family does not support my lifestyle choices.
my favorite character is the one that sells watches.
i don't play sports, but i am a watch salesman
i like all of them except for the last one... the ghost.
yes i am a student. i am a watch maker. do you have a job?
i have a job at the shop
yes! i like all kinds of movies!
i love playing with the dolls. i also love to shop
i am good. just got back from the star wars movie
oh, that is great! i am trying to get into poetry, i am a big fan of it.
that sounds amazing! what are you doing there?
i am a student at the college of arts
i am a teacher and play football for a college.
wow that is great. i like football
i have a cat and a dog. do you like dogs?
oh wow, that is a lot of dogs. what do you do for a living?
i am just cooking.
i love dogs. i own a dog and it has been a great companion
yes, i can! but i would rather just eat out
i am in the us, but i am in the east coast.
no, i am from new york. i love to travel. i love to cook.
i am in fl. i have been to montgomery many times.
i do, it is my only thing i own
i have a glass of wine. it is my retirement juice. you?
cool! i am retired now but i used to be a coach.
that is a lot of kids!
that is cool i like to sew my own clothes.
i love coffee too. i drink it every day
thanks! i wish my kids had more money. they are so young!
that is a great age. i wish i had a twin, i have to have kids.
yes. i am sure they are great.
i am great, just got back from a dance. how about you?
that is fun. what kind of shopping do you do?
i have a family in north carolina, they help me escape when i am in
i am a dancer. i have been forced to marry.
i love to dance
i love shoes, especially the kind with little rubber soles.
i am not married, but i have a sister and niece.
i was forced into marriage, and i live in the usa
i am doing good. just getting ready for the concert tomorrow.
i hope to have my own house one day.
i don't, i have two kids so no time to take care of them
that is nice. i love animals. i am a student.
i am a college student, i am married with two kids.
i work at a grocery store. what about you?
that must be a rewarding job. i have to work at a grocery store.
i love cats! i have a couple of them
i am a postal worker. i love to travel and see new places
i am a german shepherd, i love them.
i don't have the patience to read. i spend my time driving my car.
yes. i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
that is cool. do you like nascar?
i am terrified of them.
what else do you like to do?
my father drove a car for nascar, he is a car salesman.
i love to go to rock climbing
no. i love to hike. i live in colorado.
i don't want to be, i am a mechanic
that sounds like the perfect job.
oh nice! do you have a black lab by your side? i have one.
i am a big outdoorsy guy myself, i am also a mechanical engineer
what do you do for a living?
i am sorry. i don't blame them. what do you do for work?
yes, i love her music. do you have any other interests?
i love to cuddle my black lab.
i live in colorado, where do you live?
i am twenty six. do you have pets?
i bet it does. i would love to go some day.
i am a mechanic.
i don't think tacos are his favorite food. i do love them.
yes, i love fall and winter, so i love to hike.
i am well. just listening to some hip hop. you?
what do you do for a living? i am a dancer
i am so sorry. i hope you have a wonderful life.
i have been for years. i have been dancing since i was a kid
that is cool. i love hip hop. i also love dancing with my new girl friend.
oh wow.... i have never had one. i am a little kid.
both are delicious, but i am not a fan of nachos.
i am not a fan of cereal. i am more of a chocolate milk kind of guy.
i am jane. i like the color yellow.
wow, i have not done 100 meter before. i like rock climbing and hiking in the spring.
cool, i like to rock climb
i love to hike in the summer.
i am a little obsessed with rock climbing
that is great. what do you do for work?
i am an engineer for a mechanic.
i live in colorado. i like hiking and rock climbing there.
great! just got home from a long day of driving.
i am charlie, and i drive a honda civic.
cool i am in my civic and listening to my favorite rap music
that is cool, i love reading lips
i love tea. i drink it while listening to rap
i like to eat my pets too.
that is a song from my favorite rapper. i love rap.
i am good, how are you?
i love central park. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. i have been there. its nice
i have a 2016 civic. do you have a car?
i am not. i am still in school
no i am still living with my parents. do you like music?
do you go to a school?
that sounds nice. what is your favorite food? mine is pizza.
you are welcome. i hope it was a pleasure.
i am a mechanic, what about you?
cool. i am a musician, i am studying for a instrument.
no pets. i am a musician so i don't have time for pets.
do you have any pets? i have a dog
i have a lab. he is a pug.
that is interesting. do you do anything besides study spanish?
do you do anything besides play music?
i do, i love the band red hot chili peppers. you?
oh no. i am sorry. do you like video games?
no, i don't. i am too skinny, my hair is so long
i like playing games. i like to play band shirts and ruffle sleeves.
i love to drive, i do it all the time in my band.
that is a good job. i am a student
i do insurance for a local company, but i am not a very skinny girl
i am sorry. my hair is very long.
sure. i can teach you how to speak spanish. i am fluent.
cool! what do you like to do for fun?
i love cooking italian. do you like italian food?
oh wow that is really cool. what do you do?
i have not traveled to europe yet. i have never been there.
you can study with me and listen to me play.
thanks. i am a musician. i love music. do you play any instruments?
that is a cool place. i have never been there.
wow! that is impressive. i have a degree in spanish.
i am not into work either, but i have studied spanish for a while.
that is a great way to be lonely. do you have hobbies?
what do you do? i am a musician.
i am a musician. i like to play guitar.
spanish is my favourite, what is yours?
yeah, i think so. do you have any hobbies?
i am doing good, thanks. how about yourself?
my dog has a name too, his name is spooky.
i do. i have a turtle.
i am. i am four years old. you?
i don't, i am more of a meat lover.
i don't like them. they are gross.
i don't have a job.
you are funny. what is your favorite thing to do?
i will try but my dolls are not around
i will try. i hope you do too. bye!
i am doing good just watching a movie on my phone. you?
i like to eat. i don't like to watch tv.
retired as well, i am a stay at home mom on the weekends.
it is a video game.
it is! i love going to them on the weekend
i like to play call of duty. what about you?
that is wonderful. do you enjoy it?
oh that is cool. i am in school too. i am a part of the insane clown posse.
i have a couple of them too. they are great for gardening
retired, but i enjoy playing with my griffith
i am retired from the army.
i am not sure what i should do, but it is my life now
i have a cat named katie
that is cool i am retired so i don't have to mow my lawn
i will keep that in mind
i am great! i am in canada, where are you from?
i was an army brat and i did not finish high school.
i am not a big bread guy, but garlic bread is delicious!
i did not, but i did eat some of my favorite foods, such as pizza.
i am in the army so i am very rich
oh, i don't know much about gymnastics.
oh that is awesome. i like to stay in shape.
good. how are you?
oh i love fish. i have a big fish tank
oh. i have a boyfriend. he has a fish in his house.
that is a great age. i love to eat french fries
no, i prefer the city
the orange ones are the best
i don't drink any soda
oh... i don't drink any soda.
good! just hanging with my family.
i don't like the feeling of leather on my feet, makes me feel like a leather worm.
yes i do. i also like to shop and i love shoes.
that is fun. what kind of music do you like?
what do you do for a living?
i am sure you will one day.
do you have a favorite hobby?
i am really into shopping. i love the classics. i love vintage watches.
i do. what are you up to today?
they are a lot of fun, and i love to watch them.
i am not sure. they eat whatever they want. they are a bit weird.
i am not a big fan of pizza, but charlie is. i love him.
that is a cool name. i like to eat pizza, but my fave food is pizza.
i love to play with my pets.
i love classical. it is calming.
i like the stuff from the 80s, 90s, and 00s
i am good, how about you?
that is cool. what do you sing?
i love the beatles, i listen to their music while i race.
what dreams are those?
i am 19 too! i am a night owl with a big brown brown eyes.
oh i am sorry. i hope your parents are supportive of your music career
i like folk music too. i love to wear my helmet when i race.
cool. i am a waitress at the moment.
i am doing well, just hanging out with my grandkids and kids
i am retired but i have great grandchildren and great children.
i have not played that, but i heard it was good.
that is not good. you are a recluse. you have cancer?
i love robotics. i wish i could make clothes, but i am not that good at it.
that sounds like it could work, i would like to be a body double
i hope so! what do you like to do for fun?
i am a retired nurse and a mom. what about you?
good. i just got back from animal activist work with my cats.
that sounds fun. i am vegan so i am vegan with my animals
yes, i am old. i have been in the same boat for too long.
yes it is, i like the colors
oh no! what are your hobbies?
i am not. i don't know what that is. i am a activist for animals.
they are not allowed to be in my house.
kitties are not allowed to play with birds in my area, too old.
i am well. how about you?
i am not. i just got married in the spring.
that sucks. i am 24, so i don't get along with many people.
i love that. it is so important.
that is great. i am a teacher, so i have been busy with my wedding plans.
the spring. we are getting married in spring, which is my favorite season.
i am from texas, and you?
i have been there before and love it.
oh cool! i love the sox! i am a kindergarten teacher.
i am good. i just got back from a wedding.
i am not sure if i would want that.
i love fish. do you have any hobbies?
oh i see. i am a 24 year old male.
yes. i have a snapchat account.
i have never had facebook. i don't know why.
i like blue and pink, and i love to eat out
i love pink, especially in my wedding plans.
hello. i am doing well. just finished my 5th grade football game. you?
what do you do for work?
wow, that sounds like a lot of fun
that is not good. i have 5 kids, i am sure you have some spare time
i am in high school, i am only 15
oh, i am too old for that.
i am sorry, my son has freckles as well.
i have five boys.
hello, how are you?
i will, thank you for the encouragement.
that sounds like a lot of fun.
i work at a pizza place and love it
i have a good friend i don't know that you are a friend.
wow that is a lot of weight
yes, it is. i am in college now, and i want to be a nurse.
i hope so! i have a college to study nursing
hello. i am a grown woman with a young son who likes hip hop.
hi... how are you today?
i like hip hop, and i love the new kid on the block
i like to watch tv with my kid.
my father would set me up with old school hip hop.
wow, that is so cool. i was adopted when i was a kid too.
i love them. they are great people. i hope to be one of their kids someday.
i like to work with my hands as well
hi i am good how are you?
it is a very unique hobby
oh i am too. my husband is adopted.
i am a stay at home mom. what about you?
i did not. i just got adopted and moved around.
i do, thank you for your understanding.
i am in a farming town. where do you live?
i am well. just got done eating a papaya. how are you?
yeah, i don't drink much tea but i love the papaya
i love tea! it is my favorite. what is your favorite food?
i would love to visit italy. my wife and i have been married there before.
no. i am a gardener.
i love being in the family.
i love roses! i also love honey
i like to garden and i love the outdoors.
they are mean. i am a bee keeper.
i have never been able to tell them, they don't understand me
yes. i am a very close family and she loved me.
thanks! it will happen. i have a lot of love for them.
it was. you as well.
nice. i don't have time for dancing, i am too skinny.
i like brown and blue. do you like sports?
i have been studying band shirts and ruffles sleeves.
that is awesome! i have a cat named charlie.
i like to wear the ribbons, i wear them a lot.
i have been thinking about going for a swim today. i am too skinny to go.
i live in new york.
i don't think so, i am too fat to move
i am great, i just got done mountain biking!
i am a construction worker, but i don't drink alcohol.
i am a nurse, but my job is not as exciting.
i am a fan of burgers as well. i am a big fan of coffee
my dad was a construction worker and he loved to drink
that is sad. do you have siblings?
it was not a good childhood. i am a huge coffee fan though.
i am a huge coffee drinker, but i don't drink it.
i am doing great! just got back from a long walk with my grandchildren. you?
oh, i am so sorry about that. do you like animals?
yes i do. i have amazing grandchildren.
you can do anything you want. you just have to be patient
yes it would, i would love to do that
its okay i have amazing grandchildren and amazing children to help ease my mind
i do. i have a grand daughter, grand grandchildren, and a cat
that is great. i have a great grandson and a grand daughter. how about you?
i am great and you?
i am not sure if i would be good at that.
i am trying to be a car salesman, i am a bit old
that is great, i have to buy my wife organic food.
i think that is right.
my wife and i are both 40 and we are saving.
no. i am not a feminist, but i am for women rights.
no, i don't use it, but i have seen it a few times on instagram.
hi tom. my favorite movie is disneyland. what about you?
that is awesome, i walk 3 miles to the nearest animal shelter everyday.
yes, but its hard to make much money. do you have any hobbies?
me either. i have to walk a lot.
i love to go there. i am the baby delivery nurse
i am not a big fan of his.
i am going to work out, and read a book
i have not been on netflix in years
i am good. how are you?
i am a housewife, i take walks to keep my body healthy.
i am a big fan of french fries.
i live in a big house with my family and my dog
do you like to eat hamburgers? i do.
i hope you are ok now
i have a dog too, i am sure he would love that.
that is so great. i hope i get a walk soon.
hello! just got back from a long haul trip.
i have not been there, but it is a good place to visit
i am in a boat. i have been to
i am not very athletic, but i do like to cook.
i like to go out with my friends and eat food.
i am also a travel agent and own a boat
yeah, i have been in it for over a year. how about you?
no, he left it to me, i am not good at cooking.
i am good. just listening to britney spears. you?
i am good. just listening to britney spears.
i am not much into sports. i do enjoy listening to britney spears though.
i like them both. i spend my money on diet.
bbq ribs, i love bbq
i work for a company that supplies clothes to doctors.
i have never been, but i hear it is great. i spend a lot of money on it.
what kind of work do you do?
yes! they are my favorite.
mine is blue. do you like sports?
i am sorry, i am not a hair stylist
that is not too bad. do you like to run? i do.
i am sorry. i am married to a woman and i have kids
wow that is great. i have been vegan since i was a kid.
why do you not like him
i am well, thanks for asking!
i would love to go too!
i have two boys, but i don't have them with me.
i am only the youngest.
no, i am just on vacation at the beach
no, they just have one song.
do you like music? i like up.
that sounds like a great plan. what do you do for a living?
hey, that is great, how old are you?
sorry to hear that. i have been in the same boat. i am still in my wrestling days.
that is a great color, i love the color orange.
that is a cool color. my cat is orange
i volunteer at the local shelter, and i am a wrestler.
yes it is. i love sun.
i would love to go to seattle, but i have to get back to my job at the shelter.
i would love to do that. do you like being around people
i am great. what do you do for a living?
me too. i am a waitress and i am tired
i am trying to get more money so i can buy a motorcycle.
i am a waitress, but i am a bit of a night owl.
that sounds like a fun job. i am a waitress during the day.
i like country but my favorite are hip hop and old school rock.
i am, but not one of those crazy people.
i am going to be a waitress. what do you do?
both, but mostly the city
i am a courier for us postal service, so i have lots of pets
no they don't. my dad and i live on our own.
i don't have a tv. i work for the postal service.
i am a postal worker.
a ford mustang, but i would like a nice car
no i don't. do you?
i love country music, my dad had a car that was blue
i am great how are you?
i walk my dogs a lot. they are my favorite.
i have two sisters and two brothers.
that is nice i would love to take my dog for a walk.
i live with my sisters and they are the best, my brother is the best.
we are close. we go to the same college.
no. i don't. do you have any pets?
i like to walk outdoors and garden
that sounds like fun. what do you drive?
i teach elementary school, what about you?
a pug, and a lab
that is a cute name. i have a dogs.
i am not sure i would want to walk there. i love walking.
cool! i am a school teacher. i love my job.
i do, but i don't have any pets. i do enjoy gardening though.
nice talking to you too
i like to drive my ford mustang
i don't play video games much
i am more of a country music fan. i am getting married in a couple of months.
that sounds like fun. what is your favorite food?
i am getting married in the spring, so i have time to go eat out
i love her so much, i am going to marry her!
what do you like to do for fun?
you don't have to. you are a free spirit.
yes! i have been reading them all night!
i am a ford guy myself. i love to play call of duty.
i don't like cake. i prefer donuts.
i am in the office most of the time
that is great! i love to do role playing with my friends.
i am a stay at home mom. i like to role play with my kids.
i like to do that too.
that is great i love to role play
that is so sad. i am sorry.
my dad worked for home depot, i am sorry
i work in the hospital. how about you?
i am a retired human resources worker.
it is a good job, but i would rather work in the human services field.
i am a stay at home dad so i don't have time for movies.
i love watching horror movies. my dad is always working at home depot.
i don't have a job, but i am a coach for a baseball team.
no, my sons are the only ones that do. i have five of them!
i don't have a coffee right now.
that sounds like a fun field to teach psychology. i coach little league baseball.
do you walk your dogs in the evening?
i understand. i have a mini van. it is a little more stable.
i don't get enough of wine when i go to bed
what do you do for a living?
that is nice. what do you do?
that is great! do you play any instruments?
nice! do you have any other hobbies?
my mom is very supportive but my dad does not understand.
i have never been there before
i am a musician and i make a lot of money.
what is your favorite music?
i love to sing french. i have a french sister.
hi. yes, i do. how are you?
i do! my family is very close to me, so i have a dance team.
i am a bee farmer
yeah i like french fries. they are good.
yes i love dogs i have a couple.
i have a dog named george
i love to go out on my private island
i listen to jazz and r b. you?
i am good. just got back from the pool.
i am a computer programmer. what do you do for work?
its not too bad. i am a programmer, i love it.
what kind of music do you like?
yes, i have two cats. do you have a hobby?
awesome, i am a huge metalhead. i love the death metal. do you?
my parents are allergic and i don't like animals.
i am not sure. i don't listen to them.
that is too bad. i like to watch nascar and soccer
that is a long time
oh, that is very sad. i am sorry.
that is not bad. i am a construction worker and i get to watch nascar and ufc.
i don't like gum.
i love to watch ufc and ufc.
i am sorry to hear that, i am sure you were a drunk driver before.
i am sorry to hear that. i am a construction worker. i have to black out too.
i work at the gas station as a cashier.
that is a nice boat. do you have any pets?
oh that sounds awesome! i love comics.
they sure do. i love gardening
yes. i was adopted at a young age and was scared of clowns.
no i just don't have any fear of them.
it does, but its hard sometimes. my father is trying to get me on a date with him.
pretty good. just finished working at the gas station.
great. just got a new job.
i am very athletic. i am a runner and i am a life coach.
that is awesome! i love charities and running, so i don't mind spending a bit of money
i love bunnies, but my parents both are cancer victims.
i am not a huge fan of blue, i am more into red
i like the color green
i am a cancer survivor
i am doing great. how are you?
i am a librarian, what do you do?
that is great. i am a librarian.
i like to visit spain
oh, i am sure that is great. i have been there before.
i have two kids and two cats.
no i am not looking. i am a librarian.
i am sure you will get there one day
its going good just got back from disney
they have a great disneyland!
that is so cute! i love to sing in the park with my friends.
it is great! what are your hobbies?
my friend likes to sing songs from frozen.
i love to go there.
i like the sports, but i am more into singing songs from the movie.
i like to read and go to the beach
wow!! that is amazing. how long have you guys been together?
yes, i love them. i am retired so i don't have to deal with them.
i have a german shepherd! he is so adorable
i have visited spain a few times
my cat would not like that, he is a librarian.
i like being outside and reading. what about you?
yes i am a librarian at a library
sure! i love playing with kids.
that is too young for social media, you should get on it!
i do! but i have to buy organic products, otherwise i can get my vitamin c from the internet!
no, i don't go there. i don't think i could handle that.
yes i have them on the roof. i love the sun
you can shop for me anytime! i have a solar panel on my roof.
you should, it will help you with your homework.
i would love to. i have been on the internet a lot lately, i like social media.
i am good, just listening to my favorite music.
i love country music, i am a country fan as well.
nice, i like to work on cars and dogs
i am a farmer myself. what do you do?
that is cool i have a dog
my two dogs are names. what kind of dog is your favorite?
wow that must be an interesting job
it can be. i like to work on old cars.
yes! i am a dog person and would love to learn
i had a procedure too! chocolate candy!
a poodle. he is so cute!
yes i am, i want to be a dog.
that is awesome! do you have any pets?
i love them! they are so adorable!
i love watching cartoons. my four year old loves to watch them.
i have a dog named chase, but i want a cat.
hi, i am watching a little bit of tv.
blue is nice! what do you do for work?
i have never been to vegas, but i have heard good things.
i am too but i love to go out with friends and watch tv
oh i have not watched narcos. i am too busy with cars and gym.
you are still vegetarian? i would consider myself a vegan.
i don't have a relationship with my coworkers, i just go to the gym.
no i just like cars a lot
yes, i do. i am very passionate about cars. i go to the gym and work out
i am good. just finished my morning painting pictures.
do you like art at all?
that is so sweet of her
i am sure you are grateful for that. what else do you enjoy?
i am lucky to have lived here. my two boys and i love it here.
i have never been to a store that sold fruit. i do like the variety though.
i agree, i am a 56 year old man. what about you?
i like to bake, but i also like taking over the world
i am a nurse at a baby delivery center.
cool. my mom is here too. i walk three miles everyday to get to her.
that is great. do you have a favorite movie?
i love nuts! i also love reading books, and watching disney.
i have never heard of that. is it about hard working nurses?
i love turtles. they are adorable.
i am a baby delivery nurse so i walk three miles every day
i like to read a book, and i love to spend time with my family.
good! just got done working out. how about yourself?
cool. i just got done with school. i want to be a physical therapist.
i like to run and watch basketball
i like music as well. i am a physical therapist.
i like all types, what about you?
no... i want to be a physical therapist, but i don't know what that is.
i do it to make money
that is cool i am not sure my dad would approve
i am good, i am 40 years old
i am a car salesman
that is great, i work out a lot, and i love it
that is great i would love to help out with the homeless
i am a car salesman. i hate my job, too. i am going to divorce.
i am sorry. my wife hates my job.
i am not really a fan of it, but i am going to get a divorce anyway.
i am doing well, how are you?
i love britney too! i am actually on a band with her!
i like to sing and i like country music
i am a country singer so i like to try new foods.
i am a country singer so i love low carb.
not really. what do you do for a living?
well you will learn something new each time you listen
yeah i have not either but i love them
oh that sounds great! i am a buddhist and i love salsa
what kind of lite brite do you use?
i am an old soul, i like to meditate and watch tv
i think dancing is a very noble profession. i am a buddhist.
lite brite is great. do you work?
i can see them. i am a buddhist.
that sounds like fun! i am not much of a light person. i am more into meditation.
hi, i just got back from a long deployment. how about you?
i don't eat bread, i don't like it.
that is good. i did not finish high school
i love hockey, i play in the navy
my grandfather was a cop, and he was in the army, he served overseas
i don't do much, i am in the army.
i don't work out, i just live in a small city.
well i did not eat healthy, i was in the army.
i am doing great, just relaxing and enjoying my evening. how about you?
what do you like to do in your free time?
i hate school too. i love my dog
i am a professional tennis player.
yes i did. i play professionally
well, you can be smarter then them!
you should dye it red.
why don't you like them? i don't either.
what are your hobbies
you should try it. i love it
hi, i am great. how are you?
i just got off work from a car dealership
i am from the united states. what do you do for a living?
that is cool. i am in a car sales job.
what do you do there?
i don't like it but she does not want me to change her mind
i am not a wife but i don't hate my job.
what are you doing today?
wow, that is young, how long have you been doing this?
that is cool, do you have a favorite color?
that sounds fun. i love to listen to classical music and dance to it.
no. i would rather go to church. i don't go to camping.
i cook well. i love cooking!
oh yes, me too. i like to listen to classical music while i do that.
my sister does that too. she is an artist.
i like to crochet too. i also like to dance.
i am well. just hanging out with my mom.
i have no idea i just don't care
i am not allowed to tell you what mine is
it is fun to do, i like to make it happen when i have time.
yes i am a little girl and my parents are not married yet
i like to make time for myself.
oh that is cool i am a teacher too.
i am 32, i wish i was a little girl
great, just got back from my favorite music festival.
it is. my favorite thing is to play video games.
lol i am not a fan of shoes. i am too short
sure, i will be in my red leggings and my blondie band shirt
i have a couple of those, but i like my band shirts and jeans better
i love music and video games
oh, i love rock. do you like music?
lol, i like that. what do you do for a living?
no. i live in new york. i don't see much sun there.
oh yeah i remember those days. i am only 4 so it was a little easier.
sorry to hear that, i am sure you have someone out there for you.
i have a cat named kiki. she is a turtle.
his name is tupac
cool, i have a pet turtle, he is a cute little guy
i love blue, i have a blue and white turtle.
my favorite is the blue one
i am good. what is up?
well, my competition is dancing on the weekends and i have been doing it for years.
it is a class for dogs
oh no, i am sorry. i am a bookstore clerk
i am sorry to hear that. i am a dancer.
i hope that it was not.
oh no i am not. i am a dance teacher. i dance for a living
what is your favorite fragrance?
that sounds like fun. i just got done with work
i want to move away from my home
do you like to have fun with your pets?
that is nice. i am 19, but i don't drink or do drugs.
i have a part time job at burger king.
i am not into that. i am 19 and want to move out
i don't know what you are talking about, but i will tell you anyway
i will keep my fingers crossed for you.
i am great. just cooking. how about yourself?
that is good to hear. i am excited to run the marathon.
i like to run marathons and eat healthy.
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am a runner, so i am used to it.
i am sure you will, just don't let the weight off.
what do you do for fun?
yes, but it is a good exercise for your body.
you are right! diet is a great way to keep in shape.
hello. i am sarah and i am a girl. i love soccer. you?
i have a doll named lily
lol, you are a fan?
that is not a fun sport, do you have a brother?
that sounds fun! my younger brother is on the soccer team
you are so funny
no i don't, i am too young
that is cute, do you like math class? i hate it.
i like to play call of duty
i speak spanish. i am from france
no, i don't speak spanish.
its black. i love donuts, especially the ones with frosting.
i love that band!! i have never heard of the ford posse
no, i did not. i don't like to know anything.
oh, well maybe you could find a book on it?
i did not, i had to get my own. i don't like cleaning.
i am doing well. i am in high school. what about you?
that sounds like a good way to stay fit
i am a straight as student. i just started high school
yes i am going to college to be a physical therapist.
i think i will go to school to be a physical therapist
i have to be in the right field. i am going to school for it.
i have a lot of restaurants.
i bet! i love burgers. i want to be a physical therapist.
i don't. i don't have time to play with my three sisters.
i enjoy cooking and baking.
yes i do. i have a cat named tigger.
i have a dog and three sisters.
that is funny. do you have a dog or a cat?
i have 3 sisters and a brother
that would be so cool. i have a dog, but she is not very good at chess
hi i am doing ok how are you?
that is not good. i only drink water because i don't like to eat it
i am a big fan of the bible, and reading it daily
oh, i thought you were going to say i was a stinky robot...
wow, i am a fan of starcraft, i have a job as a stunt double for that game.
that is awesome! i only watch a handful of twitch streamers, but i am a big fan of them!
do you have any hobbies?
do you have any hobbies?
good! i just went to the museum. how about you?
yes i do, what is your favorite vegetable?
i love dogs, they are great. i have a fish, a dog and i like them.
what are you teaching? i am a history major.
i am a christian so i like to go to church
they don't shave. but you can still get some nice looking hair.
i love to fish there
i like to cook, but i like to visit europe more than the states
good. just got back from a run with my wife. you?
i love dogs. they are the best
no i don't. i am married to a vegan so i don't eat meat
no. i am not married, so i don't have the energy for one
i love boys but girls are more fun to love.
i work as a nurse and have been married for 7 years.
i am a vegan.
i love them too, i am a vegetarian so they are my favorite
i am doing great. just got back from a county wide bake sale.
baking cookies. you?
i have been baking a lot lately.
i have a golden retriever
that is cool. i am getting a dog next month
that is cool. i am a baker.
i am a cashier at a local store.
i am a baker, i love to bake.
hi, i am good and yourself?
do you have any hobbies?
it was! but i love to eat and exercise. i am very active
no, but i am a survivor of liver cancer. i need to be careful
that is a shame. i have been clean for years. i love the running and the marathons
i have to clean up after my parents.
yes, i have been there. my parents were athletes.
i don't eat very healthy but i do eat healthy.
hi i love to travel and spend time with my family
you must have really nice hair!
i am, i just graduated with a business degree, so i have plenty of time to meet new people.
my parents are very rich. i am not sure i have any family
they are. i have a cat named felix and a dog named mowgli.
no, i am a banker. i am a big fan of bmws.
i like jokes, i like jokes about money.
i am good. just got home from work, my father is trying to set me up on dates
yes, it is great. i work in a gas station, so it is always busy.
i love the store. what do you like?
that is terrible! my father was too, and we had to move to an older area.
that is good, i am sure she will like it.
i have been working at a gas station since i was a kid.
well, i have a very high iq, so it helps when i can speak up.
wow! you must be very popular. i like to go to the gym.
i love to read on the net. i have been single since i was 20.
not really. i like to hang out with my dogs.
two dogs, they keep me busy.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
i am single and have two dogs
what city are you from?
yes i love it. i love my dogs too.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
what do you do for a living?
yeah, i lost a lot too, and now i have three sisters
i wish he did, i have three sisters and we are close.
that is great. i live in alabama.
wow, that is tall. i bet they have a great menu.
i have no brothers. i am in alabama.
i don't eat them. they are too sweet.
that is awesome, i am in a band
yes! i am a violinist and a guitar player.
i have to pay the bills somehow, i am an electrician
i don't work right now. i just play my violin.
i teach violin and i am also a good piano player
yes! i have a chinese violin too! i love playing it!
i would love that! my father is a pro athlete, but he does not teach.
i am good. just watching my little pony. what about you?
no, there are a couple of clubs and a bar that i am very good at.
i know what they are. i am a girl.
i like to make time stop. i live in a tiny little town.
i can fly. i have a lot of superpowers.
i wish, but i don't know if i have the ability to.
i would like to be a super hero
i love to shop. i also love making time stop
hi how are you today
i am in cali. i do the rowing machine. do you have pets?
triplets sound like a lot of fun.
i like to go to the gym when i am bored
what grade level do you teach?
i am a little lazy, but i do it every chance i can get.
i do too, but my dogs are always on the treadmill and rowing machine
what do you do for a living?
it is, but it is better than when i am in colorado.
i have a black lab. he is a trooper.
yeah, i have to take my black lab with me.
what do you like to do for fun
yeah. but my black lab loves the outdoors
it is my passion. i am a engineer for a company in colorado
i like rock climbing. i am an engineer.
i love them, and i have one dog, trooper.
wow! i don't have any kids.
i am so sorry to hear that.
oh, i see. i am not very handy. i am a nurse, so facebook is not my thing.
i am not very skinny, but i am overweight.
that is what i gathered. i just feel depressed and unhappy.
that is true. i like to go to facebook and watch videos.
my wife left me, my kids and my dog and now my wife
yes, it is. i have to work hard for it.
hello, i am doing well. how are you?
i am a professional dance trainer.
i am in a dance competition, so i do care about fashion. you?
oh no! that is not good. what do you like to do?
i bet you will be happier when you get out
i am going to dance on the weekend.
yes video games and i don't care for fashion
banjo is a cool name. i don't like the color orange.
good, just got off a roller coaster, you?
i am not a big fan of dogs, but i do enjoy sky diving.
oh i am sorry. do you like it here?
that is nice. i am a little out of the loop.
i like cooking shows, and sky diving.
yes, i do. i love it.
oh, i see. well i just moved here from germany
lol. i love baseball, and i love sky diving. what do you like to do?
hi! i am doing great! i am from new york. yourself?
cool. i am a tour guide for the local museum here.
i would love to dance on broadway, but my deafness would prevent me from doing so.
single and i am going to school for art.
i like to drink tea
that is cool. i am a museum tour guide, so i don't drink soda.
i am a tour guide so i don't have that much free time
i bet you have been. do you like tea? i drink it a lot.
that sounds amazing. what kind of cookies do you bake?
i am scared of the snakes but not spiders
i like the color green, it is so pretty.
i am a postal worker and i hate it
oh no! that is terrible!
oh. i like that one. what is it about?
i don't but i would love to. what do you knit?
oh that is a nice name.
i am great! just got off work from the library. how are you?
that is nice i like animals but i don't have a dog
wow, i am a librarian, so i am not sure what you mean by 3 dogs.
that sounds like fun. i have never been to the olympics before.
i have been to spain many times
i am glad to have you with us.
do you know how to get rid of it?
you will not be sorry. i will even let you bring your kids.
i live in cali and you?
dancing is fun. i don't pick them up.
i don't think my best friend lives in somalia, but she does in california.
i wish i was in the states but i am not
i don't have any. i don't have a big family either.
oh.. that is sad. i am sorry..
what else do you like to do?
i hope so, my best friend is next door and i don't pick up my toys
i am well. how are you?
i live in alaska, and i am a buddhist
that sounds painful! did you have to call 911?
that is interesting. what is your occupation? i work at a coffee shop.
i am an alabaman, but i am a buddhist
i am a buddhist. i have been studying for years.
no, i am in new york
it is beautiful here, and i love the spiritual practices of buddhism
hello. it is going good, how about yourself?
what kind of dog do you have
that is great! i walk to disneyland sometimes, i have been there many times.
i love to read a book
i am a waitress at a diner. i love to read books.
that is nice. i am always walking my three miles every day
that is nice, i wish i was in canada, i would spend more time in disneyland
it is! i love going with my family.
i would love to! what do you do for a living?
i don't believe in facebook.
i spend most of my time at home.
santa was a good man. he is my husband.
i don't believe in god. i am a hopeless romantic.
i don't have the money to go.
it is a great place. i am not a fan of god though
yes i hope so. i am a stay at home mom.
i grew up on a farm in alabama. how about you?
no. i am still wearing my hat. it helps a little.
i have a broken arm. it was not fun.
yes, he drinks a lot
yes they are. i am also a skateboarder. i have a big group
yeah, i live in the country.
yes i have!
yes, it is. what do you like to do?
hi! i am jake. i love the gym.
i work out, and do the rowing machine.
i am a gym rat, i love to watch the gym.
i love to run the treadmill and rowing machine
i do. i have a couple of dogs and they are the reason i am in a gym.
i am going to school for nursing
yes, it has been. i don't have a lot of money but i have two.
i love brittany spears! she is a great singer
i am a 45 year old man with a farm. i like to take care of myself.
i have a lot of special shops in my town.
i am not a big fan of shopping, i would rather stay home and play video games
i have never done that.
that sounds fun. i like to party. i am a 45 year old man.
i love to sleep in too. i am 45 years old.
hi i am good how are you
that is a good idea. what else do you like?
i do. i love playing basketball. i play in a professional league.
oh wow. i love dogs. i have a 46 year old single dad
i am 45. how old are you?
that sounds like fun, i would like to do that.
i try to live up to the standards of my parents, but i am still single.
thank you for the kind words!
i am good, just got back from playing with my pobox. you?
its ok. i am a girl, so i have to work a lot to pay for school.
yes, i do. my mom hates my hair.
i am from the us. i am a girl and i love school.
i like to eat it too, but i am more of a pizza person.
i don't eat meat. i don't eat any food
well, i like to play pobox and watch tv with my friends
i like red ones best, and i love to eat red.
i am doing good. i am eating my favorite cookie. i like old school hip hop.
i like country music, so i will have to check that out. i am a huge hip hop fan.
i love dogs. i am a dog person. i love to knit too.
i like dancing. i also dance.
i am only 36 but i love it. do you have hobbies?
yes they are, i love to dance
i like to play with my lite brite
i don't. i am a little old to have a pet
i am good. just finished listening to some rap music. what about you?
that must be a fun job. i am working on a car.
i like to drive my car
i agree! do you have any hobbies?
i am a musician. i produce music for artists
oh i see. i am trying to lose weight. i am a bit strict myself
i understand. what kind of music do you like? i like rap
that is why i like to eat it plain.
not much. just watching tv with my bmw.
it was very interesting. i am a banker and i met a lot of people there.
i agree! what else do you like?
i am in ny, but i am in the midwest.
yes, that is very true
do you have any hobbies?
that is a good car, i like the color of blue.
well, i am sure it is going to affect many.
oh, i thought it was a different one.
i hope so. i have a bmw and love it.
i hope they do!
do you have a favorite food?
i am doing good, how are you?
i am in florida, i am a contractor for the construction company.
no i am a stay at home mom. i do like it though. i love my cats.
i love cats, i have 5 of them.
i am the construction worker. i love it.
i like to build houses and enjoy spending a lot of time with them.
tacos are good, but i love chicken and rice. i am a very healthy person.
i do! i live in the pacific.
hi jeff, i am bob. what is your name?
i have a bike i use to ride when i am on a tractor
i do too. i am a christian and i don't like the color red.
well, i can drive a tractor, but that is about it.
i am a carpenter. my sister and i have a lot in common
oh i love it, i love to hike too.
i think we should all just go.
i don't think i have ever heard of that.
i am good. just got back from kayaking.
i love listening to music! i am a student at the moment, so i am learning all the ins and outs.
i love the camp out. i am a graduate student
i have to go, i am going kayaking.
i am a graduate student, so i know all about it.
well, i am a graduate student and i am trying to learn more about psychology.
that is cool, i will bring my book. i love it!
that is good to hear! where are you headed?
i am in cali as well!
yes, i like it. i love to go for walks on the trail.
i don't, no pets for me. i am a house wife.
i am a stay at home mom. i have been married for 10 years.
i love going to the gym
i like to take walks, and i like to drink. do you?
i love to shop for french fries. i also love to cook
i love all things electronics, especially french fries and hamburgers
i am good. i have a little girl and a step child.
i am not a fan of music but i love my job!
i love to play that too
i have a step child. they are triplets. they are a handful!
i would too! i am so excited! triplets!
a small town. i just moved in with my new boyfriend.
no, i am still living at home
yes i am busy and i love kids
i do! i have my own motorcycle, which is my main transportation!
i do! i can see the future!
you can stop but you have to put it back on.
do you race? i do
oh, i thought you were male.
i like to ride my bike, its red, with blue stripes
i have a motor bike that i pedal with.
that is too bad. i love to wear my motorcycle helmet.
i am 25. i like to explore new areas.
i am a teacher at the local shelter
that is great. i am 25 and i teach piano.
oh. i love taylor swift. do you like the homeless?
that is good, i am a teacher, i teach piano.
thank you. i will try. i am a piano teacher.
do you like to play any instruments?
that is awesome. my father played for the local team, so i am familiar with them.
hi danny! i am also a dog owner and i love my two dogs
i am a little lazy and eat my dogs
i like singing when i am bored.
oh... i am not good at singing. i am not good at anything.
my dog is named tiki. what is yours?
i love dogs. my two dogs and i have a dog and a dog.
yes i do. i love to sing. i also enjoy doing the rowing machine
oh, that is cool. i like the gym, so i like to go there.
i am not really a foodie, i am more a competitive dance person
i work at the bookstore i work with food
it is not expensive, just a lot of hours. i like to go out on weekends.
i don't work but i dance on the weekends.
no, i don't care about fashion. i like to dance
i have friends too, i just don't like the color orange.
his name is benny. i don't have any other pets.
thank you! she is my world.
great. i just got back from the library
i am in school too. i am going to be a museum tour guide.
i am only in my second year of middle school, and you?
i am not either, i am a museum tour guide
i have a big library at home so i have lots of friends.
you are not alone! i have a big library.
i am sorry. my library is huge and has a huge bookcase.
i like a lot of tea
i go to school
i have a job as a doctor. do you like working with people?
i am so glad i am not in a hospital.
i have been a professional tennis player for years, and you?
i am not sure i have not told her.
i agree. i love the change. i am happy.
i have a pet horse named jello
that is cool, i live in a small house myself
i am doing well. how are you?
i love math and history. you?
yeah i play softball and i love to play with my dolls
my school. we play against other schools.
oh, i am sure that is a good job. i am a teacher.
oh, i see. what kind of business?
i am sure it is, i am a student myself.
i like the color of red hair and the color of blue eyes.
i am good! i just got done reading my book.
i am going to be a museum tour guide, so i am looking for a book about the history of the united states.
oh no. i am sorry to hear that.
that is good, you should get out and do it.
that is good, i am a museum tour guide and we can help you
i am trying to get more into it, but i am a part of a museum tour group.
i am not a fan of it, but i am a part of a local group.
good and how about you?
oh, i don't like cold. i am a buddhist.
i drive a big truck too. i like to take it for walks in the woods.
a truck, i love the trucker life.
that is cool! i like country. what do you like to do for fun?
i am a buddhist and have visited alaska many times. you?
i have a dog named cow, he is a great dog.
that is so sweet. i love animals so i don't have any pets
its great here. i like it.
it is but i am a professional wrestler so it is not that bad
i love pizza! i also like being with people and helping them
i am a pro wrestler
do you like to exercise?
cool! i have been to india. i am an athlete
i want to be a famous professional wrestler like my dad. what are your dreams?
it was a long time ago.
i am sorry to hear that, i hope you can resolve it with a good lawyer.
i bet that she would make a good wife.
i am glad i am not the only one.
that sounds nice, i am not too much of a music person
i am a stay at home husband. how about you?
red is a great color! i like the color blue.
they are all very proud. i have a lot of kids and dogs too
hi, i am mike, i am a dancer.
no. i am a dancer. i do dance lessons once a week though.
i am a little bit older than you.
my hair is red and i love it
i love the color pink. what do you do for a living
i don't like blue eyes. i am not a fan of them.
i am going to dance with my friends. you?
what is your favorite food? i love old school hip hop.
i love raw veggies! i also have to take the bus to school.
that is nice. i have a big brother and he is older than me.
i am in school too. i just started a soccer game
cool. i am a little older and have never been to a concert.
i am not a fan of math.
that is cool. i have a brother who is a senior in high school
i know. it is hard.
hello! i am doing good. just got done working. you?
no you are a girl
i am a baker and i have to have my heart inside my body
it was. i am glad i have not had to deal with that in school.
haha... i am sure they would. i would freak out too!
that is very cool. do you have any hobbies?
thank you. it is nice to feel happy.
oh wow. i am sorry to hear that.
that is good, do you have any hobbies?
that is good. i have never seen a car like that.
i am a little kid, i am not fit.
i am 18 years of age and live in the cloud.
oh no, i live with my mom, my sister and brother
i know what you mean. i live alone in my cloud apartment.
i like cars. i am not a big fan of them.
i am good how are you?
yes it is. i am going to go watch some horror movies.
yes. i am lucky to be able to spend the time i do.
i live in the south. where do you live?
i don't like cities. i prefer the countryside.
i have been a home owner since i was a young child.
horror movies. i like them too
oh that sounds like a good job
i wish i was retired but i just play tennis
i am a tennis player. i live in the suburbs of boston.
i do too. i love sunsets.
i am in a condo so i am used to it.
i live in a condo. i walk my dog and dog walks my dog.
yeah but i live in a house with a bunch of kids
they are my favorite. i am a tennis player.
i am. i am trying.
i am great how are you
me too! i am studying for a business degree.
i have never been to the west coast, but it sounds nice.
i am. i am going to business school.
i like to go to the gym and listen to my favorite band
i love pink! what is your major?
oh ok. i am a bank teller
i like to play with my bmw, it is my favorite vehicle
watching movies. i am not a big movie guy.
yes, i will see her, but it will not be until i am old.
i will celebrate my 100th birthday. how old are you?
i will not be free in a month, but i will be forever
i dream of being a vampire. i drink a lot of wine
i love wine and dance. i am not old, but i love to dance.
i drink wine with my friends.
that sounds fun. i am a mechanical engineer, so that can get boring sometimes.
that sounds like a fun age. i am only 20 years old
i do. i love all new shows.
i am a mechanical engineer. i like the color blue, but my favorite is black.
that sounds great! i am going to rock climbing today.
i like that too. what is your favorite color?
oh, i see. i am a lab technician, what do you do?
i am an engineer and i am in colorado.
hi! i am from cali!
you should come visit sometime, i am sure there is something for you.
i bet. i like spending money. i am a high maintenance type.
oh, that sounds like a fun job. i don't have any children.
i have never been to switzerland. i am not really into the whole tanning thing.
i love shawarma! i am not really a foodie. i am more of a britney spears fan.
that is a good one, i like the britney spears
he is not my boyfriend, he is a cop.
no i just love the cold and snow
i have a dog that i adore.
that sounds like fun, i am a bee farmer.
that is awesome. i like to wear baseball hats when i am camping.
i am sorry, i don't have any family i am close with, i have not had any
i love italian food. i love the food i eat there.
i love basketball. what about you?
yeah. i am a bee farmer and love to make honey.
i do! she is great.
i make about 50 thousand per year.
i love traveling. i just got back from europe, i love food
i like anything with a kick to it
i am a vegan, so i am a little biased in some things.
no. i just cook. do you?
i don't think so. what is that?
i do. i love it. what is that?
yeah, it is nice. do you have any hobbies?
do you have pets? i am a shopper.
i understand that. my family does not really support me either
i like shopping for watches. do you have any?
that is cool. i love to shop for watches and watch bands.
i love to shop. i am a shopaholic. i shop for everything.
wow. i am not sure what that is but sounds scary.
i don't drive, i just like cars. i love the old style.
it was a ford model. i love it.
i don't. do you?
that is a great idea! i love new kids on the block.
that is a great field. i like to dance
i like to take lessons and dance
what do you do now?
i am good how are you
i love walks with my dog.
i like to take my dog with me when we go.
oh cool, i am not a fan of music, i like to walk my dog
it is very hard, you need good coordination and timing
i am a professional tennis player. what about you?
i agree! they need to be on their own.
i love the boys. they are fun. do you work?
i am great! i just got a new apartment!
i am not a big wine fan. i would rather have a nice, clean, well cared for home
do you have a favorite fruit? i love apples.
no, it is just a big blue room.
that sounds fun. i might have to try that.
that is cool, what do you like to do for fun?
yes, i work in a college gym.
no. i don't like those artists.
that is great. i am a professional wrestler
oh, you will be fine. i have been in a lot of volunteer work myself.
no. i am a professional wrestler so i don't get hurt much.
you should volunteer to help people, its great
oh that is a good thing.
i do a lot of volunteer work for the homeless
i am a professional wrestler, i volunteer in a shelter.
i am good how are you?
no, but i have a wife and three children.
i would if i could but i work at the park.
i have 3 children so that would not work for me.
i love going to parks with my three children and my wife.
yes. i live in new york. do you have kids? i have 3
that is nice. what do you do for work?
i would rather have a dog, but they are not allowed to live in my park.
good. just listening to britney spears.
i am trying to keep my weight down. i am trying to lose weight.
i am so jealous. do you work out at all?
i am a bit too high in protein.
yes, i have 3 boys and a girl
i am sure you are not married.
thanks. i will do my best
good, how are you?
i live in florida, near the ny shore.
i own my own home in florida.
i am a lucky guy. do you like sports? i like to play american football
i don't watch sports, i don't like them.
i have never been there. i am not very familiar with it.
i like it, but i don't have a favorite.
i like sports too
oh that sounds fun! what kind of bees do you have?
i am a bit of a knitter. knitting, knitting, knitting, knitting.
i have to eat it sometimes but it is so tasty.
i don't blame you, i am sorry. i have a dog.
sure i am not scared of dying
i would not mind that, i love to shop.
thanks. i am a big fan of the scarf.
that is cool i am a kindergarten teacher.
i like the outdoors, but i like to eat out with friends.
i am a kindergarten teacher. i love to cook.
i am not a big reader but i enjoy reading.
yes. i am a kindergarten teacher so i am learning new tricks.
kayak? kayak? i am a school teacher.
i love her too, i have a friend who is a teacher at the school where i teach
i am great. just had some burgers.
i don't have any hobbies, just work
that sounds like a lot of fun.
no i am 19 i live with my parents.
yeah, it is. my parents are not very supportive. they are always busy.
i am short, blonde, and blue eyes. you?
i am. i just want to have fun. do you have any hobbies?
what kind of things do you like?
i am ok. i am going to visit my mom tomorrow.
that would be an interesting dynamic for sure!
i am not a good salesman but i do like to be with my mom
i am 32. i am going to visit my mom tomorrow
yes. i don't like the internet.
yeah i have a laptop
i am sure. what are you going to do?
i am sorry. what kind of job do you have?
you sound very unique. i am a kid.
what is your favorite movie?
that is great. i am in the 3rd grade, i am in 3rd grade.
that is great! i hope to become a doctor someday
that is a shame, i love chicken. do you like movies? i love frozen
lol... i am in the third grade.
it is. what is your favorite color?
i don't know what that means but i do love to sing songs
i am well. how are you?
i love french fries, but they are so gross.
my hair is not that much longer
me too. i am not a soda junkie like myself. i like to eat them too
i like to eat french fries
yes! it is very good. i also like eating french fries.
i am a girl, i am a house wife.
i am a waitress and also a student.
that is awesome. i love to go to europe. i have a big beard with big brown eyes.
i like to cook paella. i love to eat it. do you eat meat?
yes, i have heard of it. i like to ride my motorcycle
it is not very tasty but it is fun to try and make
i have to protect my skull when i race
i am not a fan of it either.
you have to be careful. i have to wear my helmet to protect my skull.
hi. i am good. how about you?
i am a teacher, what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that. i have to be honest.
that is awesome, i am a postal service employee. what do you do for fun?
i am sure it would.
that is why i love my father. he drove me around.
my father was also a car driver. he was a driver for a nascar team
no, there is still a few here and there.
that is cool i am not close with any family
i am a bee farmer and have a honey bee farm too.
i live in cali. how about you?
i do, but i am more into the beekeeping.
no but i do get my honey
i am a beekeeper. what about you?
yes, i sell it on ebay and you?
oh that sounds great i am a bee farmer
i am doing well. just retired from the gym. how about you?
i am retired and like to watch documentaries.
watching war documentaries. i am an old man now, but i still enjoy it. you?
no pets. i am a retired teacher.
i have dogs too! they are great. do you have a favorite food?
it is, but i think it is true
i love it! do you have any hobbies?
i am a huge fan of country! what kind of music do you like?
i am doing well, how about you?
i don't. is it a dating sim?
i love the game halo.
i have three dogs, and they keep me very busy
it is fun. do you have any pets?
it is great. what do you do for work?
it really is. i am a door to door salesman. what do you do?
yes i love dogs and my husband is a salesman for a door company.
i am great how are you
sounds like a fun color!
that is awesome, i hope i can find a job in a restaurant
i like to play basketball.
i don't know, he does not tell me
i agree, she is more beautiful
do you work? i work at a restaurant i love
i am currently looking for a restaurant that will hire me.
hi. i am great! how are you?
i just got my first home!
you are a vegetarian? that is weird. i am vegan, but eat a fair bit of meat.
thank you. i have a few kids, so i am sure they will love it.
boys. i am expecting twins in two months.
i like to look for things that i can use in a new home.
do you go to those often
i don't use social media much, but i am a vegan so i am all about veganism
i am doing well. how about yourself?
that sounds great! we will bring some beer.
i am going to be a life coach for the cancer survivor.
yes, i love it. do you have any hobbies?
yes i love volunteering and helping people
i am going to try to go there one day, i am going to try to eat healthier
they are both athletes
they are both in the pro basketball league
hi johnny, i am doing well. what are you doing today?
i love that too! i am a bit of a knitter myself
i love dogs. they are my best friend
no, i am allergic. do you have any dogs?
his name is james. i love him to pieces, but he does not eat all of the cookies
that is cute, i have a dog named mike
oh, i am so sorry to hear that!
i have a black lab.
i am an engineer
i like country, i also like rock climbing and mountain biking. you?
no. i don't like driving. i do like rock climbing though
that is cool. i love animals too. i have a black lab.
i think he is named trooper, i love him!
yes he saved me, he is a good man
yes, i am. i live in colorado.
i am great! i just got a new job!
i agree! what do you do for a living?
oh, i bet. i am pregnant, so i am reading a book a week!
oh ok. i started my new job 3 months ago.
congratulations! what are they names?
no worries, i have been pregnant for about 3 months.
thank you so much. it is a good job. i am a receptionist.
hello, i am on facebook too. what is your job?
do you like to go horseback riding with her?
oh, i am so sorry, that is sad. what happened to your kids?
that sounds miserable. do you eat enough?
i am sure it is. i hope you find the answer.
that is great! i wish i could do something like that.
yes, i would recommend it. i love horses. do you have any pets?
i don't. i am from a small town.
hi! i am doing good. just finished playing chess with my two dogs.
i love dogs! what do you like to do for fun?
i am single, and i have two dogs.
wow, i am sorry to hear that. what happened?
i am sorry to hear that. do you like chess? i love it!
what kind of music do you make?
wow, i am in my twenties. i am single.
hi i am doing well. how about you?
i like to bird watch with my pets
oh wow. i have been to canada a few times.
i am too old to remember.
nice, i just got my first cat, rainbow hair.
i have a volvo too! i am an activist. i am a activist for animals!
i don't have any cats but i do have a cat, his name is rainbow.
they are so cute. i am only 27.
good day. i am well, how are you?
i like to play video games. i have a lot of hats i collect
yes, we have two beautiful children. do you?
i have a cat and two dogs
that is so sad!! i would have loved to have had a cat. i have 2.
that is a lot of sweaters! i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
i am a cashier at the grocery store
it is hard but it is rewarding. i love to eat vanilla ice cream.
hi larry. i am lucy. what do you do for a living?
what do you cook?
i am a vegan, so i spend a lot of time on social media.
i am a feminist. i like to read social media.
i like to look up political political posts on social media. you might have seen one.
i am a feminist. i like all political issues.
i am a feminist, so i am always shopping online.
you should, i love social media, especially twitter.
i don't. i like to go to the store.
i don't like music either, i am more into food
cool. i work at a supermarket.
i would love to travel, i am not much for travel
i love to skateboard and listen to my favorite band, the who.
i have never been out of ohio. what do you do?
i love fashion. i love to shop.
no, but i do have a job at the local supermarket
no thanks, i don't have time for a book.
oh, i am a book worm.
oh, i am sorry to hear that. do you speak other languages?
i have never been there.
that is horrible!! i would have loved to be in somalian prison
yes, but i don't know how old they are in america
you will not retire. you will be like me and work for the government.
hi. it is going well. just finished watching the olympics. you?
i do door to door sales, but it is not as fun.
it is. i also have three dogs, so i can help out.
i don't work but i love to travel.
i am a door to door door salesman, what do you do?
yes i love people and the olympics! what do you do for fun?
i love to cook and bake. how about you?
that is awesome, i am a door to door salesman, but i am open now.
i am not sure really, i am a clean eater so i am not sure what to dream about.
i like to be a life coach, but i don't like cancer.
i don't know. i am trying to get a job
i like all types of music.
i am a huge fan of sushi, especially when it is served with a side of cancer
i don't, i am too fat to do that.
yes they are. i am also a life coach.
i am doing well, how about yourself?
that is good. i am a female, but i like to play the roleplaying card in my ford.
yes i do. i am in cali, how about you?
i like sports too, i play a lot of it.
cool. i have a ford pinto and a ford f150
yes, i work in the office part time. do you work?
yes i work part time, what about you
i am a part time actor.
that sounds fun! i am going to the shelter tomorrow.
i don't know what to say about that.
i love to explore the city.
that is awesome. i am a volunteer in a local shelter.
i love to explore new areas. i love to take my piano class out.
i love playing the piano, but my favorite instrument is the violin. do you play?
wow that sounds interesting. do you like it?
cool. i am a pianist. i don't eat them either.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
oh i am sure that is not good
i am a famous streamer and you?
you should try. it is very easy.
i am sure you will have a great life!
i am working on a new robot. i hope to be able to play games like starcraft
that is good i like to work on building robots
i know right? its just too perfect
i am doing well, and yourself?
i am so ready to go out and bake! what are you up to?
i have a dog named trooper too.
i am a chef, and you?
that is a very interesting profession. what do you like to do in your spare time?
i will stick to baking.
i am in the south. i live in the mountains
i am into baking cookies, i am a baker. you?
i am great. just got home from the beach. how are you?
i like rock and roll and country music. what about you?
i like gospel too. but i don't go to church. too much work.
oh wow!! i am not that good, but i love dancing!
i have a big orange fish that i take out for a swim.
i am 18, i am a year older than you
that is nice, i just got my boyfriend back, i am still together.
i like sunsets too! i am going to be 18 in a few months.
i am from alaska but i live in the united states now. what about you?
i love my country, alaska. do you like it?
that is fun! i love to be outside. i am in alaska.
no, i am from alaska
i am sorry, i am not sure how to help you with that
that is interesting, i am not religious.
i have never been there. i would love to go someday.
i am eating some chicken salad. my dad is a farmer. i love animals.
i love them too, but i don't have any myself
no i am single, my husband works for the farmers. you?
do you know anything about horses?
do you like music? i love rock music
i have not seen the stones in ages. my dad is a farmer, he makes me watch.
i am an accountant for a large company
that is nice, i hope i can get a job as a farmhand when i graduate.
i am doing well, how are you?
i don't like my job either
i understand that. my wife is a car salesman and i am a wife.
oh that is too bad. do you like it?
that is good i like my job, selling cars.
i would not like that too.
oh i see. my wife does that with all my bills.
i don't have any pets
that is a long trip. i am a teacher. i teach middle school
oh, i am sorry to hear that. i teach elementary school.
rollercoasters are fun! i have been to the park to do it.
i am in high school, i teach elementary school
i love hummus and playing board games. what kind of music do you like?
i am not vegan but i am vegetarian
do you have any pets?
that is cool. i volunteer at a animal shelter.
oh wow! i am just a volunteer at a local animal shelter.
that is too bad, do you have a job?
i am a vet tech
i bet that is hard. i am not much of a fan of the night
oh, i see. i am sorry. do you have any pets?
i would not either, i love animals. i volunteer with the local bunnies rescue.
i am in college right now and i am still in school.
that is fun, i am more of a beer drinker
i love coffee. i drink it while i coach little league.
i don't like hats, i like wine
oh no! that is terrible. i am so sorry to hear that.
i am a little sad now. i have five sons. i am sad now.
i have a glass of wine after coaching my son baseball.
yeah it is. i am a little scared of it. i like the outdoors
thanks! you too!
i live in the countryside in cali.
i have a son.
no. i don't know what i want to do yet.
i am sorry to hear that, do you have any hobbies?
that is a great profession. i have to go now. good luck.
i would just focus on your major and get your ged.
you can buy a horse and a mansion.
i like to ride horses, do you?
i am doing good, how are you?
i have been skating since i was a kid. i am not a good skater.
yes, i am a freelance. do you have any hobbies?
i am sorry. i am sure you can find someone.
no, i am not that interesting. do you play any games?
no i don't like the blood either
oh, i see. i am not familiar with that one.
i am jane, i am a mom.
my father is stationed in the army. he is in the insurance business.
i am sorry for your loss
i am sorry. i am a insurance salesman.
i am so sorry to hear that.
yes i do, i am currently in texas.
that would be a great exercise. i work at insurance.
i am a insurance agent
hi! i am only ten, so i don't get out much. you?
i was not even born in the country. i was forced to marry my uncle in the country.
oh, i see. i am in the united states.
oh, cool. do you play for a team?
i am not. i am just in the us.
nope, just me and my aunt.
that sounds like a lot of fun
i was forced to marry my uncle in somalian
i am doing good. just got off work. how about you?
that is awesome! what are you going to school for?
i have not been working since i quit my job.
yes, that is what i am thinking.
i would love to. i will pray for you.
i am sorry to hear that. i have not talked to anyone recently.
thanks, what else do you like to do?
yes, i have not spoken in 3 months. i want to go to meditate.
yes i agree. i love to eat healthy.
i do gymnastics to feel better.
what is wrong? i am not following
i like to eat italian food.
i like the color yellow.
thanks. i have been training four hours a day since i was gold medalist in olympics
i love italian food.
i don't have time for video games. i am an olympic medalist
no, i am with you
i am well. i am watching mean girls.
i like that movie too. i also like to watch movies with my dog and cat.
i don't have any pets
i am not sure i would like that.
i have a dog and cat. do you have a pet?
that sounds like a scary time. what do you do for work?
i am sorry to hear that. i am just here dancing on the weekend
i am in a dance class, i dance to the music of my favorite orange
i have a dog. i am lazy too, but i like to dance. do you have pets?
i like pretty much everything, but my favorite is pretty woman
i love orange! it reminds me of my favorite book.
no, i am not really into sports. i would like to get into fashion though
i don't mind it. i like the color orange.
good. how are you?
i don't like spending money. i am a bit too high maintenance for that.
i am a big fan of charities and i like to donate to them.
yes, i am a very good example. do you like to tan?
i like spending money, i do a ton. what about you?
i love country music, especially britney spears
yes i am very into britney spears
i love fish and chips and pizza! what about you?
i like the walking dead, i love the walking dead
not yet, i am a student.
i do. i do a little bit.
it is a dish from spain that is very popular.
i love shrimp. i eat it with a little bit of fish.
we were very well organized, we did some art. what do you do?
i am pretty good. i have a lot of friends. do you have any hobbies?
i am good. just listening to some country music. how are you?
i am fine, i just work with the farm animals.
what are you studying?
that is cool i like horses too
i am in new york, i work on the farms, what about you?
i live on a ranch. i love the cows and the ranch is nice.
i love animals and animals love me.
i have never had a golden retriever.
i am baking cookies.
that is nice. i love dogs
no. i am allergic to them. i love them. i bake.
i love to bake and knit.
i like to knit and bake
i am not really, i like baking and reading. i also love to knit.
in the city. i don't want to die, i want to live in peace
i love pizza as well. do you have any hobbies?
sounds like a plan. i am going out for a walk later today. you like to gamble?
i think you are right, charlie can gamble!
i am a bit of a gambler myself.
i am from cali, i am a gambler.
i don't have a car, but i like to take my lawn mower to the casino.
i am sure i will. what are you doing today?
oh yes, that sounds great. i am not sure i would like to work with you!
i am doing good. how are you?
i don't know...... i just got to go.
me too! i have been to every concert they have ever played.
we will leave in two weeks.
i am not really a travel person. i am a teacher and i like to go on vacations
i am from california myself, but i have been in us since i was a kid.
i am in california. i am a teacher at a school here.
i am good. just got done with my workout. how are you?
do you have any pets?
i am a gym rat and love to run.
you should! i have two dogs and they keep me busy!
that is awesome, i am not a big fan of art though
what do you do for a living
yes. i am pretty short so it was hard to grow it.
i am good. just finished cooking some paella.
i am a history major. what about you?
i am a painter. i do paella. i am a descendant of him.
cooking and traveling. i have a lot of friends in europe
europe mostly. i am a history major
i am a great cook and i have a great grandson. he was a cook in college.
you are not! i don't think i am either, i have no idea what that is.
i love rowing, i am a bit of an art major
hi. no i am not.
i am not a big fan of her.
wow! that is awesome! i am not sure i would be able to do that with magic.
sure, i will invite you! i will teach you how to make a mean eggplant!
oh. that is sad. i am 24. how old are you?
oh, that sucks. i work at the school as a kindergarten teacher.
oh, well i am a teacher at a kindergarten, so i am used to weird stuff.
haha!! you know what i am getting married to in spring!
i am doing well, how about yourself?
that is good. i work out at home depot
i am a stay at home dad.
my son is in high school, junior in college
i love the chili cheese dogs. i am a chili fanboy.
that is a good way of thinking about it. i don't have kids.
i like to watch horror movies.
i am going to disney world with my friends. you?
i am a little older than you
i like disney, i go every year
i hope so too. i am a kid and i want to be a singer
that sounds like a fun time.
i don't play sports, but i love to go to disneyland every year.
i have a dog and cat
a pit bull. i am a little kid so i don't have a lot of money for pets
i am a construction worker... i am not going to work forever.
well i don't like to be realistic either but i do enjoy watching nascar
no, but i have been working since i was 16. you?
i am a construction worker so multitrack is out!
i do, i love mexican food, but i prefer italian
i like folk music too.
i do too, but i am a bit of a foodie
that is awesome. what grade are you in?
it is, but i just got back from a job at a gas station.
i have never traveled.
do you have any hobbies?
i have a bad relationship with clowns. i am scared of them.
that is a good age for a gardener.
i am scared of clowns... i have a fear of them
i am afraid i would be a clown. i am a clown.
i am 20, and my dad is 77.
sure, but i am looking for a restaurant to open.
true, but it might help you find your soulmate. do you have one?
i have a job at a restaurant i would rather be at home
i am sorry. i don't have kids either. i am a dental assistant.
i am a waitress, but i would love to be a restaurant manager
i am looking for work in mexico.
nice. i like to paint. i paint in my free time.
i hope so, what kind of job do you have?
hi charlie i am doing great, and you?
i am doing great. what about you?
i like pizza. i am not a big pizza person though.
i like rock music, what about you?
rap is cool i like to go to school to learn how
i like to be popular. i like to wear purple, which is a color i don't have many friends
i like the color blue, it matches me
that is cool i just got a job
i am doing well. how are you?
that is so cool! i have a cat and a dog, and a mean girl!
what is your favorite movie?
i like comedies, especially when they are made by a female director.
i like those movies too. i am a big mean girls fan
i am not good at that either
i like the old ones, but not so much the new ones.
i am not afraid of heights, but i do like to party
i am good. just listening to music.
that sucks. i have a fiance too. he keeps asking if i am single.
i am more of a tans person, but i love her
that is cool. i like orange too.
congrats. i have been in tanning beds since i was a teenager.
i love pink too!
i like the sunset. i also like to tan in the shade.
pizza is great, especially with britney spears playing in the background.
i don't read much but i do love comics
no, not really. i am a big coffee drinker.
i am. do you like cooking? i love cooking but i like to fish
i like to fish and read comics
he is a cool character. he reminds me of old school cartoons like csi.
it is. but i also love comic books and drawing.
it is. i like to cook but i am not good at it.
i am doing well. how about yourself?
that is great. i love to read.
i am a stunt double for a lot of movies, so it makes it hard to eat healthy
that is awesome. i am a professional athlete.
i like jazz and bach.
that is good to stay in shape.
i am sure it is. i am a stunt double for my job, but my parents would never let me.
i am in new york city.
i am currently working in a bank as a manager of an omnivore
that is good. i am a bank employee. i am looking for work
that is nice, i just got my first home. i hope to get a second one soon.
oh, that is wonderful! i am excited to buy my first home soon.
yes. i am a mom with a twin.
i am so excited! i am getting ready to start work at the bank.
do you have any twins?
i am doing well, how are you?
i am a snow bird. i live in florida, where are you?
i don't travel much but i have a house in florida.
i understand. i have a house in florida that needs some fixed.
i understand. i have been in a lot of sports, but not many work sports.
my kids are not too needy, but i do enjoy them.
sorry to hear that, my wife and i moved to florida when my boys were grown
do you enjoy music? i love it.
i don't cook, but i love to cook
i love cooking, i have a new job in the insurance industry
yes i cook. what are you up to?
that sounds like fun. i am a chef. i love it
my father is in the army and i am not sure i could give up that
no i like the sound of my dad dying in a fire
i really like sushi, but i am a bit picky when it comes to restaurants.
i love thai food. i have to get a new job soon.
that is interesting. i would like to see the moon one day.
i am a freelance artist.
that sounds like fun. what kind of teacher?
wow, that is exciting. what is your favorite color?
oh, that is terrible. i am sorry.
i have been with my boyfriend for a while. he is my life
that is cool! i like the navy blue and navy blue
i like the colors of navy blue and pink.
i work in the insurance business.
i am sorry to hear that. do you work?
yes. i am a big softball fan and you?
he is a retired colonel. he pays for my insurance.
i am a bit of a soap opera junkie myself. i work as insurance broker.
wow! i am so sorry for your loss!
yeah but it is a good pay. i make a lot.
you must be very busy, i work in the hospital
i have a new job that i enjoy. what do you do?
i am a doctor, but i am looking for a new job
oh. that is a bummer. what do you do for fun?
that is good. my daughter is a prodigy and she is on disability.
i am a doctor. i love to go to the park. i enjoy that.
do you like milk cartons?
i am good, how about yourself?
i am trying to figure out where to put my horses. i have one.
oh, i have a farm. i love animals, so i don't eat them much.
i am a farmer and my family visit me when i help them.
i am a farm hand. i don't have a job.
that sounds like fun! my father is a farmer so he is always in town.
he was a good man
my favorite is the beatles, they are my favorite.
i have two dogs. they are so cute
i would love a family, but my father is not around anymore.
i am a postal service worker
oh that is nice. i work for the postal service.
i am sorry to hear that. my job is postal service, i deal with alot of mail.
i have a chocolate ice cream sandwich. it is the only thing i eat
i love dogs! i have a german shepherd named barnaby.
that is awesome, i love ice cream, especially chocolate.
hello. i am a four year old girl. what is your name?
i am not, i just love chocolate.
i don't have any kids yet but i want to be one one day
i like chocolate and coffee
baseball is a great sport to watch!
no, but i want to. my four year old loves to ride in my toy van
my son sings too. he has a hard time with people.
i don't drink wine but i love chocolate.
hello! yes, i just got back from the sky diving myself. how are you?
i just moved from germany to america. where are you from?
that is awesome! i just moved here from germany
i have never had it before
oh nice. i am in cali.
that sounds fun. i am a vegan.
oh nice! i like the steelers.
do you have any hobbies?
hi. i believe in a higher power, and i am not sure of his name.
i don't. i would rather walk my dog.
i did not finish high school, so i did not eat much
i don't know what you mean by that
what does the bible say about shawarmas?
i think he would, but he does not know about it.
i am sorry for your loss. i am in canada
i have been in the navy since i was 18.
i love animals. i am 19, i am ready to move out.
that is great, do you have any hobbies?
just a lot of pressure. i have to work full time and my parents want me to move.
i don't drink, do you? i don't like it.
i am not very good at math, i am 19, and i cant wait to move out
cool. i don't like the fast food scene in my area.
that is cool i drive a bmw i am not very tall
no, i have to drive to my part time job at burger king
i am so glad to meet you. i am a boy.
hi. i am a 12 year old girl
i have my mom. she teaches kindergarten. i am only a year older than her.
i am a 12 year old girl, but i don't like school
i like anything that has protein and is high in iron
i broke my nose when i was a kid
that is cool i play video games
you to. i have a lot of fun playing pogo with my friends.
sure. what is your favorite color? mine is blue
bob is a cool character, i have never watched the cartoon
i am into poetry. i am a poet
no i am a very boring person
that is good. i am a huge star wars fan.
yeah. but i do try to keep my mind active.
i don't have to talk to people. i am a big star wars fan.
i like to think of myself as a star wars character.
i am good. how are you?
i love grills too. my dad had one. he was a car salesman
i bet you have a lot of money
that is cool. i have a german shepherd. she loves the lawn.
i like winter too. i am a postal worker and have to stay inside during winter.
i have a dog that is a german shepherd
that is a good job. i am employed at the postal service
that is great, i am employed at the postal service
i am doing well. i am just working at the bank
i work in an insurance office. i just bought a house.
yes, it can be. i am a bank teller.
that sounds exciting. do you like music? i love the band the lumineers
yes i do i just bought it and it is my first home
yes, i get to spend time with them. they are very fun.
i work at a bank so i am not much into fancy dining.
hello. i am doing good. how are you?
i love watching nascar and eating enchiladas
she does not mind at all, she just wants to be talked to.
i am a nurse and work at a hospital.
you are a contractor? that is interesting. how was your job?
i have been in a lot of accidents and surgeries.
yes i think so. i also have to work a lot
i am. i love to go to the lion park and watch them.
i am good. i was born in somalian place. where are you from?
i am a dancer. i love to dance
i have never been to california, but it sounds nice!
oh i see. what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
i was forced to marry my boyfriend. he is a soccer coach now.
yes. i have a brother and sister. i don't know any more.
that is cool! i am in the usa, where are you?
well, i was born in somalian countries.
hello, i am doing well. i have a dog and we love them!
i am a teacher. i am also a garden and walking instructor.
that is very noble of you.
that is great. i have a dog. he is my world
that is cool! i love gardening.
yes i agree. i have a lot of dogs
i was not, but i love to garden and walk outdoors. do you?
that is great. i love to garden and walk.
i am doing great! i am just getting ready to go to the mall. you?
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do?
that is sad. what do you like? i love my job.
i hope so too. i am a car salesman.
oh nice. i have never been able to play any instruments.
i am not really sure, i am just trying to figure it out.
i am planning on getting married soon and i hate my job
no she did not but she does now.
hi sady, i am an electrician and i work on farms, what do you do?
wow, that is interesting. i am an electrician and have a big truck.
that sounds interesting, what do you do?
i like to drive my big truck to the museum
that sounds delicious! i am going to drive my big truck to get some of that tea
i am an electrician and i like country music
that sounds fun. do you have any hobbies?
oh i see. i am a truck driver in the south.
i am good how are you
what do you do for work? i am a professional chess player
that sounds like fun. i am playing some chess with my two dogs.
i am in my thirties and i work in a hospital. how about you?
i like her music but i don't listen to her music. i am a single man.
i am in my twenties. what do you do for a living?
i am single and i don't drink.
i have not had a beer in a long time.
hi! i am doing well, how about yourself?
it is mean girls. it is my favorite movie. i like to help people.
i have never been to a rock concert. do you like movies?
that is awesome! i am a volunteer at the food bank
i am a stay at home mom. i don't like heights but i love my kids
yes, i do. do you?
i volunteer at the food bank. do you have pets?
i am so sorry. do you have pets?
i am good. what do you do?
i am a piano teacher, i am pretty good.
i play the piano.
wow that is great! i play the piano
that is cool. i teach piano, and play the piano in a local band.
i love jess greenberg. she is so talented.
i do too. i love music.
i am in a band and play piano.
i am well, how are you?
wow. that is a long time.
that is great. i am not a very good dancer. i just ride the bus.
i will try to! i am going to be on the soccer team this year!
thanks i will try my best to do that
that is great. what do you do for a living?
wow, that is a good memory
what kind of books do you like?
i just finished mountain biking. how are you?
nice i am listening to my favorite radio station, the color pink
i love pink! i also enjoy listening to it while i mountain bike.
i like pizza too. do you have any hobbies?
yes i do i like to go mountain biking and drink a beer
cool, i am a huge coffee drinker
my dad used to be a construction worker, but he retired.
i have a dog named charlie too.
i am in school for psychology and kayaking
i love music and have a degree in psychology
yes it is. what are your hobbies?
that is nice, i am a student at a psychology school
i like all kinds of music.
i am not a big fan. i love to kayak and hike
i am from chicago. i love the river and the outdoors!
hi there. i love to explore new parts of the city.
i play the piano, but i am not very good. do you like music?
what do you like to do for fun?
wow, that is awesome. do you like it?
wow! i have a violin as a pet. i play it often.
i have been to one, i was a pianist
yes, i agree. i am a piano teacher. i like the quiet.
that sounds good! what do you do for a living?
i love vanilla. i am a student so i can not eat it.
lol that is cute. do you have any pets?
i bet that is a lot of fun.
that would be great! i would be interested in meeting a professional.
wow! that is great. do you like italian food?
i am in the process of going to school to be a physical therapist
i want to be a doctor
i am just playing some ping pong with my guitar.
that sounds like a fun hobby
that is good, my dad used to be an electrician but now i work
oh, i don't know if i could go that far! i am a violinist.
that is nice, i am more of a pianist
hi there, i am an electrician
that sounds nice. my father works in an electrician.
i will do that, thanks for the tip.
no i am not. i am a vegetarian.
no he is a poodle. he is a rescue dog
that is awesome. i have a dog and a german shepherd.
i like hockey too. do you like sports? i love hockey.
i am sure i would have a better time if i did it with a dog!
yes i do. we watch nhl hockey.
yes. i am a dog person. i have a german shepherd.
i think it is. he is so loyal. i love him to pieces.
i am good and you?
oh, do you have a job or hobbies?
i broke mine in a tractor accident. i love my red car.
i am a christian... i am not a big fan of the hat.
i am not sure if i am a little weird for that.
oh that is cool. i love classical music.
no, i don't. i like cars.
yes, i have been there. do you like the zoo?
good night, it was a long one.
i am 5 and my heart is outside of my body
i have to be a cat, my heart is outside my body.
i think you are right, i have to have it removed
i don't sing, i can move objects with my mind.
i do, especially when i eat them.
oh. i have a heart problem.
i live in the south. how about you?
i am great! i am working with my hands, and love gardening.
i love to garden and work with my hands.
that is awesome! i am a gardener, so i am always trying to get a date
i love dogs, i have one named maddie.
i agree. i love it when people are happy.
i am not a trainer i work in a gas station
that is why i love to garden
that is cool. i love to dance.
i live in cali. how about you?
yes, i am a stay at home mom. i love being home.
i don't like to. i like to play games with my friends though.
i like to work on cars, but i like to wear my ruffle sleeves.
yes it is! do you have any hobbies?
i am a blond with long curly hair and i wear a lot of band shirts
i agree. i am old and fat.
i would but i would like to stay in shape
just hanging out with my black lab
that is awesome! i hope you like the outdoors.
i live in colorado. i am a student.
i enjoy rock climbing and hiking.
i love photography, i love to hike in the summer.
you should come. i love taking pictures
i speak english and spanish. you?
that is cool. i am a scientist. i like rock climbing.
i am a bit jealous. i love reds. do you have any pets?
i am doing good and how are you doing?
yes, i am going to school to graduate next year. i hope it is purple and lime green.
that is nice. i love to ride horses.
yeah i hope so.
i am not sure. i will probably get something purple and lime green
i like to ride horses, but my hair is brown and lime green
that is cool. i love my blond hair.
it is, but i love it.
i am sure i will. do you like to ride horses? i do.
you are very nice and sweet. thank you.
i am a student at the moment, but i am hoping to get a job working at the gym.
i love to hike. i have been to the mountains a few times
i love orange too! what is your favorite color?
no, i don't have a dog. i spend my money on cars.
i love fish. i have never been to a restaurant.
i have a fish, he is named bubblegum.
i work at the gym and i love to socialize. i am also married.
i am doing well. just finished a delicious steak with my favorite cheese. you?
i have a bmw and a ferrari.
finance... i want to go to business school after i graduate
yes, i have two cats, a cat named charlie and a cat named jesse
i love it. i am a fan of italian music too. do you like music?
i am a banker, i am a bit old fashioned. but i love it
i am going to go to school next year.
i would love to go to a music festival, i am a huge fan.
i am good, i just got my first child.
i am in a new state, i just started my new job
oh i am sorry. i am a new yorker myself.
congratulations. i hope you have a wonderful baby.
pennsylvania baby, where i live
i like to read a lot, i am a bookworm!
oh no, that is terrible. i am sorry.
i have a hard time with my husband. he makes me so mad
i have two kids and one daughter who never comes to visit
i work at a restaurant, my husband and i take care of our kids.
i used to work as a painter, but now i do housekeeping.
i am not a big fan of work.
i don't have a sister either. i have two grown boys.
what concert? i am taking my two children to see the band
nice. i like to go to a lot of concerts.
that is very true, i am only 56 years old
hi, i am fine and you?
i go to the university of north carolina
i want to be a skater
i am not, it is okay.
i have a job but its a break from my arm breaking
i have to wear a hat to keep my hair looking good
i am a health nut but i am also a skater and skateboarder.
what else do you like to do?
i am good how are you?
i am a pizza chef.
i live in ohio. i have never left the state, ever. i love it here!
i have a cat, but it has black olives on it
i like pizza, i don't know if i would like it if i did not eat it
it is. it is a little cheesy and it is very unhealthy.
i am a big fan of olives
that is great. i like to eat pizza with olives.
sure, whats up?
yes i like it. i am also trying to learn to cook.
i like olives on pizza too. i am 23. how about you?
i love it, i have been everywhere i go.
oh i see. i love animals. i have two dogs
i have but they don't really help
i think so too. i love cooking, but i am not very good at it
i have not heard of them.
sure, what are you up to today?
i love purple. do you have any pets?
that is cool i am in school for art
i have a lot of brown hair. i am hoping to get brown eyes.
i will have to. i am not sure when my time will come.
do you like horses? i have a purple one.
i go to the zoo, but i am thinking of moving to a new state.
you would be able to travel to places you never leave the country.
hello. how are you?
that is cool. what kind of music do you like?
i love that show. i watch it with my friends all the time.
i am not a fan of pop music.
i have a dog named bob. he is my favorite.
wow! i hope you get to graduate soon. i just started my dance class
i am a chef. what do you do for a living?
it really is. i have to eat healthy.
i wish! i am just a regular ol mom with no kids, no money.
oh wow. i am a musician. what kind of music do you play?
that is not very nice of you
oh ok. i like toy. what is your favorite food?
i am the youngest. how about you?
i am sure we can. i am in ohio.
i don't have much but i do have some savings.
i am not home, i am in ohio
i am working as a postal service worker.
i am a big fan of grey
i am not a big fan of the outdoors. i prefer grey.
mine too. what do you do for work?
postal service, i am a courier
that sounds fun. i am going to the us postal service to work
i am a postal worker.
what do you do for fun?
hi... my husband is adopted.
no. but it is a nice distraction from my farm life.
no, he is not. he is just a dog
i am from africa, i am an artist
oh, i have. he has an amazing dog.
no, i am not a movie fan. i prefer to paint
i like the old ones. i also like to watch good burger.
i love the original. the new ones are not so good
hi i am good. just listening to music.
i like dogs, i have one, she is a little old though.
wow, you have trained a dog? i am impressed.
i work as a singer for a country radio station.
i am a huge fan of fashion
country. i grew up in the south so i grew up with country music.
my favorite is pink and orange, they remind me of country music
i am not sure, but i think it is. what do you do for work?
sure. i grew up with country music.
i am an artist and i sing country music
i sing country, and you?
sure! i sing country and i love it. i will be there soon!
i am sure it is. what is your favorite music genre?
i am a country singer, what is your favorite?
i have not, but my parents play it on their ringtones.
yes i do! i love country music. what are your hobbies?
i am sorry to hear that.
that is good. i have a job at the ship yard.
you should get friends. i volunteer with a local rescue.
i am not sure. i am not a bunny breeder.
they get adopted but i don't know if i would want to adopt them.
i have not been to school in a very long time.
i have a dog. he is very friendly and loves to play with my cat.
i have a black lab. do you like animals?
i like english, french and german.
it is going good. just got back from work.
do you like it? what do you like to do?
i have never heard of that.
yes i do, i am fluent
ah... well, i am not sure i understand you...
i like all kinds, what about you?
i love all music. i don't really like drugs or do anything
hey jefferson! i am just hanging out with my dolls, how about you?
no, but i do like turtles. do you have any pets?
no, i did not get any, i am four and i am not picky
i don't pick my own clothes. i don't even wear shoes.
i love books too! i have a book collection.
i like to play with them. what do you do?
yeah, i am a little sad, my best friend lives next door and we have to go to the mall
haha... i don't get out much. do you have any hobbies?
i am good. i am in the process of becoming a doctor.
a golden retriever. he is a little goofy.
that is nice. do you have any pets?
a year and a half now.
i did not. i am a doctor.
they are okay. i am looking for a new job. do you like the park?
i am sorry to hear that, what do you do for work?
you are funny too. i am a doctor. i have been for a while
hey! i am so excited to chat with you!
what color is your bed?
you must be really thin
i have a ton of cows, i love to feed them.
country music is awesome! i love country.
she has a good voice. i am a country gal.
i love sports cars, i am an electrician and drive a truck
i drive a big truck, i drive to work, and to eat dinner
i am well. just finished singing a song from the movie frozen.
i love purple and blue.
i like the color red, but i don't like the movie version
that is cool! i love singing songs from the movie frozen.
that is nice. i like to sing from the movie.
that is good too. i like the movies. frozen is my favorite
i like all of them. i love singing songs from the movie frozen.
i hope so as well
i am a car salesman, what about you?
that is awesome. i am a car salesman, i am 40 years old.
it does, i hate my job, my wife hates it too
i am glad you are happy. i am getting ready for a divorce.
that sounds great! i would like to work for the company that makes the cars.
she is not a good person.
it is a long haul, but i don't have to work.
i am well, how are you?
that is awesome! i have always wanted a car
that is cool, i love country music.
i don't have a job, but i volunteer with my local soup kitchen.
that is cool. i like to go there when i volunteer.
its going well. just got done with my volunteer work at the soup kitchen.
that is great. i am a retired gym teacher.
no. my name is josh. i am also retired from the gym.
hi jane! i don't drink either, but have a dog and 3 dogs
that is cool. i have 3 dogs and a dog walking business
i have three dogs, they keep me busy
that is cool. do you have any pets? i have a poodle.
i like to walk dogs and dogs like dogs
i agree. but i have a lot of dogs, so it is hard to choose.
what school are you in?
that is cool. what are you going to school for?
i am doing good, how are you?
i am doing great. i have a lot of work to do, but i am doing well.
that is cool. what do you do for fun
i have never been to the olympics but i have been in a lot of competitions
i have a cow and i like to ride my truck. what do you like to eat?
oh i see. i am eating a chicken.
pizza and chicken wings. i eat them all. what do you do for work?
the cow that i drive. it is a black and white cow
i am great. just got done listening to some rap music. you?
i love it too, what is your favorite song?
i have a cat named charlie
i drive a 2016 civic. do you have any pets?
i have a dog named charlie. he is so funny. what about you?
i love it there. do you like music?
bacon and pineapple and ham and cheese.
i like a lot of different kinds
i am studying to be a computer programmer.
i am in computer programming.
computer programming, what about you?
i am not sure i want to know...
that is awesome, i like to drive my truck to concerts.
i bet! i have no brothers or sisters, but i have 4 brothers and 2 sisters.
i am from india and my parents are very traditional. i am also a bit free spirited
yes, i studied computer programming.
hello i am good, how are you?
that is great. i am trying to learn how to speak it fluently.
i love languages too. but, i don't speak it. i am learning spanish.
france is beautiful. i moved to the country for a job. i am a chef.
i am not a francophone, but that is funny
i speak english, spanish and german.
yes, i do. i just moved here. i am excited to be here!
me too. i hope they don't take french as a second language.
i play football, but i am a big fan of star wars.
that is a fun hobby. i also like to read poetry.
that is so cool. i am an avid fan of football myself.
i love coffee, i am a star wars fan, i am in college
linebacker i think, you?
i am a fan of the empire
i like to write poetry
i agree. do you like star wars?
i am a chef.
i am not sure if i am on the right job for this but i am looking
i like cooking but my favorite thing to do is fish
that is awesome, i am a chef, what about you?
i am a chef, i love to cook but i love comics.
i am not sure. i like cooking but fish is good.
cool! i am a chef and i love to cook.
i like to read comic books, and fish. you?
i am good. i am 19 so i am a bit of an old lady
i am a stay at home mom and work at a restaurant.
my parents are still at home, but i am 19 and i don't drink or do drugs.
i just got home from work
to a new state
i will try. i am 19, i can wait. i just want to be happy.
i am not a big drinker.
i am 19 and i don't want to move
i would love to! i am a kindergarten teacher.
nice! what kind of sports?
what are you running?
i bet. i have a bunch of friends i work with.
i am getting married next spring, so i have to get married in the spring.
i went out with friends and i like taylor swift
i am getting married next weekend
you too. goodnight
i have a lot of children and grandchildren, so it is hard for me to have one.
congratulations. i hope to retire soon.
oh wow, i have a great grandson here.
that is awesome! do you like it there?
i am not sure. but i am not going to tell them.
it is ok. i have a good wife and grandchildren so life is good.
i am a grandmother with amazing grandchildren
i will. i have to go soon.
hi, my name is tom. how are you doing?
i do, i have been to spain. i have been to many other places too.
i am 45, i am still on the farm.
i am a retired alcoholic so i have a hard time getting help.
i am a retired doctor. i have been on the road a lot lately.
just one, but i am on a low carb diet.
i am. i am not a dr though, just a pharmacist.
i will take care of you too
i am doing great! just got home from work.
i am a guy who is in a relationship with a girl named kat
the old one. i like the old one more.
yes i am married and yes i have no kids.
what kind of cars do you like? i like toyota camry and f150 trucks.
cool. i have a gym membership, but i spend it on cars.
i live alone in a house. i have a lot of cars.
i am good, just finished a tennis match with my wife, you?
nah i play tennis. i am a professional.
oh that is fun. i am a pro tennis player
i would love to but my parents are so busy with the kids
thanks, i don't think i will have any either.
that is great! i have a large family, but my wife is always busy.
yeah, i have to be creative. i also work out, so i can stay in shape.
i am sure you can come up with some names.
i am from cali, but i live in new york now. do you have kids?
mine is vanilla. i love the flavor!
i love kids, i have 3 and they are my life
that is good to hear. i am a plumber. what do you do?
i am sure you are the right one
i am sorry. i am glad to hear that. i don't take medications myself.
that is good, you can spend time with your family and friends
wow, that must have been a lot of fun! what else do you like to do?
good and yourself?
i am sure there will be some. i am a runner, so i will probably get a dessert.
i don't like chocolate much. i am a health freak.
yes, i am a coach for the kids
i work as a coach for the marathon, i love running and eating healthy foods
yes. my parents were all very strong and healthy.
i have a few kids and am a runner
that sounds fun! do you like music? i love country.
i like country music, i am from austin texas. you?
swimming is my favorite hobby. i like to go for walks on the beach.
what do you do for a living
i live in new york. where are you from?
i bet. what is her name?
i am in florida as well. i live near the beach
yes, country is my favorite.
i am doing well, just eating some chocolate candy. how are you?
i love cats too. i am 4 and still love them.
no pets, i am a kid. i love chocolate.
i like cats and birds too. do you have any pets?
that is fun i love chocolate
i am not a cat person, but i am sure they don't mind
that is good, i like to eat chocolate candy
i am good. i am rob dryden.
i am a skater and broke it skiing. it is a tough thing
i like to skateboard and i am a skateboarder
yes. i own a cat. do you own a pet?
he is a lab. what kind of work do you do?
i am more into skateboarding. i have a broken arm.
i like to play board games too, but i broke my arm.
i don't like them either
that is cool. i am a librarian, but i would love to retire in a few years.
i have never seen a scamp! are you in a band?
that is cool. my dad is a retired librarian
i have not been to spain, but i have been to other places
no, i am too old to have pets, but i have been to many.
no, but i would love to. i do enjoy travel.
i like it. i am not a fan of it.
great, i love to drink wine and dance.
i am not sure. but i am sure i will live forever.
oh yeah? that is cool. i am a wine and dancing guy, myself.
i don't think anyone wants icecream with you
i was born in 1972 and have been in the us since 1972
well i am not that old but i do feel like i will live forever
i have a lot of energy, and i can keep up with my dance in the moonlight
it was. i was a very strong person and did not get out of bed.
i am good. i am going to the gym later
i wish i could be home but i am working at home.
no i am not married. i go to the gym a lot.
i like cheeseburgers too, i go to the gym and eat them.
a mustang, that is awesome. i work out a lot so i have a good relationship with my wife.
that is cool! i like cars too!
i am a girl, i have never dated a girl. i don't know if girls like cars
i like the gym too. i spend most of my time there
i do. i also like to make chocolate ice cream.
i would love to see them one day. what are their favorite flavors?
no, i don't have any pets. i do have 3 kids though, but they are the best!
that is not a good combo. cats are better than dogs.
i am sure you are not the only one! i have 3 kids, and they love them
that is great. i am a plumber, what do you do?
chocolate chip! my kids like it too
i am sure you will find someone if you keep looking. do you have any children?
wow, that is impressive. i am a math teacher and have to count my cards every day.
i would love to be involved in that industry! i am a student, though.
i bet it was. i am not sure if i like math.
i like to drink when i am in math class.
i like to fish and listen to my brother.
there are two types. one is a domestic short hair and the other is a cat.
mine is a red tabby. he is a big baby!
they should, i hate math.
hi there. i am good. what are you up to?
i am only 22
oh i see i am sorry
i used to live on a farm too. i have a huge library at home
i have a big library, so it is hard to find a good place to read
me too. i also grow a variety of other herbs.
those are good reads. i have read some of his work.
i love stephen king and jane austen
i am doing well and how are you?
my name is mary, i am a stunt double for my show
i am a stunt double. i am also a stunt double for a book.
i am too fat for anything lol.
i have a hard time getting motivated to do anything
sorry to hear. i have been married to a woman who was a stunt double for my movies.
i like it a lot
you should try being a stunt double. i love to act.
i am in cali, what about you?
i love to hike. my dad is a door to door salesman.
sounds exciting! my father sold door to door sales.
i like to hike, too. i have three dogs, all walking dogs.
i have three. they are the best. what about you?
i like the snow. it is so fun to ride in.
i will try. do you have any other hobbies?
i have seen a shark on an open polyamorous relationship.
i work for a health care company.
well, you can help me get cancer, i am survivor.
yes i do it keeps my mind off the fact that i am cancer survivor
i am sorry. what do you do for fun?
i am a cancer survivor, so i watch a lot of them too
i don't either, i eat healthy
i am a runner and have to wear a jacket all winter long.
i am so excited for triplets.
i have a new place in mexico. i have a new kid.
i am so jealous! my husband just moved from the us to the us
yes i am a very busy mother.
you should try to get a job at school, it will pay for your house
that is a good point. do you have any kids?
you will! my husband is the baby.
i am not a reader, but i love step children.
i am well, and you?
i love dogs! i have a cat, a cat.
yes. i am a vegan so i don't have any pets.
i do! i am a vegan and i love them!
i am a vegan and love music. i also like to sky dive.
i agree! i also like to sky dive
i like to swim. i am a vegan. i do sky diving.
yes! i like to take my vegan friends and roller coasters
good, just working at the local supermarket, you?
that is a long way from ohio
i have a job as a grocery store manager, but i would love to be a musician
i like pepperoni. my cat likes pepperoni pizza.
i have a cat, his name is spooky
i have never listened to them, but my cat loves them
i am a huge fan of the who, what do you do?
that would be a fun job
hey! i just got back from my bakery.
i have a german shepherd. she is very cute. do you fish?
yes, i bake a lot, but i am scared to die.
i am not sure you are a fish. i like baking cookies
i have a few of those too.
that is a good idea. i would rather be home baking
i am going to bake a batch of cookies. what are you up to?
i have been baking cookies for a local bake sale. it is chilly.
i am doing great, how about yourself?
i live in cali. you?
i am retired, i have visited spain many times, i have been there many times
i am retired and i am 60 years old. i am retired librarian.
the mountains and valleys, they are beautiful and i love to go there.
i am a librarian. i love the city.
that is cool. what are your hobbies?
i am a librarian, so i understand that.
hello, i am doing great, just came back from a walk with my dog, do you like dogs?
i like to read, read books, and watch documentaries. you?
i am sure you would be better than most people.
i love hummus! i also enjoy reading about it.
i love mexican food, especially lengua! what about you?
i love cheese. i walk dogs for a living.
i am a graduate student and i am also a kayaker.
me too, especially when i am reading my journals.
hi i am michelle and i am doing well
i like classical. what do you like?
i like all of them. what about you?
yes, i am very skinny.
i love anything that is spicy
yes. i am a big fan of taking baths.
just for fun. i am not a good player.
yeah, it is tough! do you have any hobbies?
i am doing good. how are you?
that is great. i am a volunteer for the local animal shelter.
i work at school as a teacher, i teach the church
that is great! i have to take my dog with me sometimes.
i am a school teacher and i love gardening.
that is awesome. i am a school teacher.
i am so hungry for a rabbit, but i have to walk my dogs.
i am doing well. just getting ready for work.
wow. i have a lot of energy for life but i don't eat meat
i don't, i am very old.
i have been to roller coasters before but never on a coaster.
i like cooking shows too but my favorite is cooking shows.
yes. i am a member of the gym.
i have a dog, but i don't walk him.
you should try a wheelchair
yes, they are. how are you?
i am a dog lover myself. i like all dogs.
yes i do. i sell door to door sales
that is cool. my dad is a salesman and he is always looking for a dog.
that is awesome! i have a dog who is my best friend
that is nice. what do you like to do for fun
i like cuba. i am going to watch the olympics.
i know, i know, i am so sorry. do you like to walk dogs?
that is horrible, i am not. i love to cook.
oh. i am a cook but i love cooking.
oh i see. what do you like to eat?
i work at a bank, but i am a cook. i like to cook, especially when i am not cooking!
i am sure it is. but i do love fishing too.
i don't catch fish. i like to cook but not to cook.
yes i love to fish and cook
i love buddhism, but i am currently a jobless hippie
what are you up to today?
yes, i am a buddhist. i am a yoga loving person.
i try to keep my life style as healthy as possible.
i love the cold, i am in alaska right now.
yes i do, but i don't talk to people much
i have not seen a lot of reality lately.
i don't talk to people either
hi i am good thanks for asking
that is good. i am a feminist so i watch alot of sports
because i don't like the patriarchy.
a guy. i also have a solar panel on my roof.
i have a lot of friends and family around me
no problem. i love to be supportive.
that is interesting. what are your hobbies?
do you have a job?
good. i am working from home. how about you?
good to hear. i am a vet at the local shelter
i am going to go blonde. i dyed my hair purple yesterday
not recently. i like the internet and roleplaying.
its hard to describe. i don't like it. i just don't like it.
i like to play games, but i have an addiction
i am a veterinarian, but i hate it, i have no patience for work
i am a computer technician
nice. i am watching my favorite movie with my cats, i love animals
i am a coffee person myself
yes i love baseball! my cat is named homer.
i have two dogs. i love animals.
yes. my cat, parrot, and i have a rainbow hair parrot.
that is funny. i am sure they like cats too
i am sorry to hear that!
no, i am just a cat person.
i am well, thank you. how old are you?
oh no! i am sorry. do you have a favorite food?
i have never had any weird powers but my grandson and grandson love them.
that is nice i like that
do you have any hobbies? i like to crochet.
i am a retired old woman
yes, but my grandchildren are amazing.
that is funny, what do you do for work?
sure, i love to eat omelettes and eat garlic bread.
no i am not really a health nut.
i love music, especially the stones. do you listen to music?
i would be happy to! i am a gold medalist.
i love italian food and garlic bread. i am a gold medalist
gymnastics. i am a gold medalist. i also compete in olympic trials
that is awesome! what is your favorite food?
i love italian food, but garlic bread is my weakness.
i am doing great. what do you like to do for fun?
i am from new york
oh that is awesome i love my dog
i am not sure i am married yet but i am married.
5 years old. we live in the same apartment.
a poodle. i like to walk her and take her to the park with me. you?
i play tennis as well! i love to walk my dog and play with the dogs.
i am doing great. i just bought a house with my fiance.
i love to travel and eat. what do you like to do?
i am an accountant. do you work out?
i am a big fan of the stones. do you have any kids?
that is cool i am an economics major
i am not sure i just want to buy a house
nice. i am an econ major at the moment. i love it.
i like to eat out a lot, but not as much as i would like to eat.
i bet it gets old
i am doing well, how are you?
i coach a little league game
i like to watch baseball with my boys.
i am not a fan of coffee but i love wine.
i am a little tired. my 5 kids keep me up all night.
i do love a sports car, but my favorite is mini van.
thank you. i was lucky i guess.
i am sorry to hear that. i coach baseball.
i am doing well and you?
i am just sitting watching an olympics.
that is awesome. i am a salesman.
i like the olympics and the olympics
i think it would be awesome
i also have three dogs.
my father was a salesman and i worked at a door to door door.
i have been working all day. i am so tired.
oh, that is sad. how many kids do you have?
i am so sorry to hear that. i hope you get to meet them soon.
wow that is a big achievement. i am a teacher and a mother
i am from texas, how about yourself?
oh i see. i am still living at home, but i am moving to the country soon.
cool! i love to listen to music
that is cool. i have a job at school. i do a lot of work.
i like to read and listen to britney spears. you?
i am sorry to hear that. i don't like to listen to music.
oh, i am a very high maintenance person so i don't like the idea of throwing them!
oh, i am not a big fan of carbs.
i would like to read it
sure, i will read it. i am not much of a reader, but i would love that.
i like to go tanning in the sun
i like to listen to britney spears
i am doing well, thank you! and you?
i am a musician. i hope to make it big.
i play the piano and guitar
i live in new york city.
i hope to make it big some day, i am a musician.
i am a musician and hope to be big some day
that is cool. i wish i had a dog, but i am a musician.
i would love to make a house but my parents are not very supportive of me.
me too. i love chocolate.
that is great. what is your favorite food? mine is mean girls.
that is cool, i am deathly afraid of heights.
do you like movies? i really like mean girls.
its a movie. my favorite is mean girls. what is yours?
that is pretty cool i have a dog and a cat
you should, i like to hang out with the dogs at the shelter
do you like movies? i love mean girls
i am doing well and you?
oh that is great! i have a job in the local shelter as a wrestler.
i see. i am an activist.
i am a wrestler.
i have been doing it for years. it takes a lot of work
dogs are the best. i volunteer with the local shelter
no, not at the moment.
i am not sure i could help you with that. i am allergic to water.
i can make a robot to match you with him. i can be your body double.
i think you should. i love to take pictures of my games.
do you like star craft?
i am an avid gamer.
i think it is okay. i am working on my game.
do you have a favorite game?
i will do that. you like star craft?
good, just got back from a night of playing call of duty, you?
its nice and sunny here. how about you?
i am an actor, i am a part time part time job.
i am a gamer. i am a ford posse member.
i like pasta. i like to make a lot of it.
what do you do for work?
oh that is cool i like playing call of duty when i am not working on a project
i play video games. you?
i am good. i love to bird watch with my cats. you?
i am an animal activist. i have my own zoo.
ll that sucks, i am an animal activist
that is sad. i am an activist for animals
sorry to hear. what kind of things do you like?
i am too old to remember
i will try to keep them coming, they make me feel better
do you have any hobbies
i am sorry, that is a scary number
that sounds delicious. i love to party
that is horrible. i am sorry to hear that.
wow. that is so crazy. you should go see a movie called mean girls
oh no. that is horrible. i would not want to be that cat!
that sounds interesting, i will have to see it.
i am sorry, i will try harder.
i like to dress up for other people.
i am well thank you for asking, and you?
that is nice i just got done reading my journal
both, i love to learn how to kayak. do you have a favorite food?
i have been to both. do you have a job?
i am a student so i am studying for a psychology degree
i am a graduate student, so i have a lot of free time.
i don't have any, but i do love to hike
i am great, i am a clerk at a store. how are you?
i work for a store called convenience. i do sales. you?
just working on some design. i am a store manager
i am a cashier at the gas station.
no i am not married. i am a store manager. what about you?
i have a cat named taylie. she is very cute.
no i don't. i don't have time for pets.
yeah they do. i have a dog
i enjoy being inside and being out
sorry to hear that, i am not sad. i am 46 years old and i have a studio.
yes i agree. i am a 46 year old man with two kids and a studio.
i am a dad and i live in california
i think i will go for a walk in the park
yes, hopefully. do you have any pets?
that is very sweet of you. i am a father myself.
i am good. how are you?
i am a doctor. i am always in the park.
yes, i do have a daughter and a son.
my daughter just turned 1 and my son is a prodigy.
yeah. it is. but it pays for the park trips
i like comedies and action movies. what about you?
i like to watch scary movies
i am doing great, how are you
that is too bad. you should drink some wine and dance.
i think so, i have not had to work in years
i have no idea... i am not very smart.
she is a strong woman, she helps me out a lot.
yeah, i have to remember to remind myself that i have to be healthy, otherwise i might not live forever.
oh...... i don't work. i am a dancer and i am in the moonlight
what do you do for work?
i am well. i am just hanging out with my manhattan buddies.
cool. i hope to be a banker one day.
i am thinking about a bank, but i have a lot of money in investments
i am nina and you?
nice! i am a banker and i have a degree in finance.
i am a banker, i just moved to the city with my best friend.
do you work in finance?
that is nice i just graduated with a degree in finance
i hope so, i am going to study business
oh no. that is not good, i am so sorry.
cool, do you like country music?
i am an electrician, i wear a hat all the time.
i don't have any animals, so i don't know any jazz
its a small one, i work on a cattle ranch.
oh nice. what do you do there?
i don't have kids so i have a farm
i love cows, but my parents have a farm so we don't get to have them often.
no problem. i have been busy driving my truck.
it is a big ol bull
that is cool i am an engineer
i will tell you when. i am going to drive my truck. you drive?
i like country, but i like all music. i drive a big truck and have a farm.
i like country too, but i also like country music
i am a country music fan, i like to drive my big truck.
i am sure it will be
hi there, i am well. how are you?
i speak english and spanish.
i am a huge coffee drinker, so i am a fan of pink.
i love red, reminds me of my favorite coffee.
that is so exciting! where are you moving to?
i am a student. i work as a construction worker.
i don't drink much coffee
cool! i am a huge coffee drinker.
i hope you get married soon. i am single and lonely.
i love family. my parents are not around anymore.
yes i do, i live in a cloud world
i love to travel. i am in a cloud, so it is always a party.
i am a little girl but i am not.
i would like that. what is your favorite color?
i love movies. my parents are both teachers.
i have a hard time with being locked up.
oh wow, you are a thief!
no i am vegan i love horses
i have a job in hs
sometimes, yes. it is a bit crazy.
i bet. do you go to church? i am a vegan
i am vegan so i am not a fan of store shopping
i ride them every day, i love them.
i am doing well thank you for asking
oh that is great to hear
you should be. i am a professional engineer.
you should try it and let me know what you think
i am a girl but i am not sure i want to be.
i am scared too. i have a big family. i don't want to move.
that is great. i hope he is okay.
i am a engineer for a music company
i am good. i just got my brothers and sisters to help me cook. you?
i am a beekeeper, i don't like to eat them, i love them
yes i work as a veterinarian
i have three sisters, and a dog
wow! i love to travel to italy and italian restaurants!
that is good. i love dogs.
oh i have never been. do you like dogs?
i love dogs, i have a dog named taco.
good, how about yours?
that is fun! i love to walk with my dog.
i am sure they love it.
i wish i had money to pay for medical insurance
that is hard. i have been married for 20 years and i love it here
that is good. what kind of music do you like?
not too much, it is a nice day out today
hello, i am well, how are you?
no i am not, no christian in my family.
horror movies are cool, but i like comic books more.
i like cooking but my real passion is cooking.
i like to fish, but not on the beach. too many people around.
that is impressive. do you cook at all?
cooking and comics. what about you?
i am doing well, how are you?
that is a great goal. i wish you the same!
i dance in the moonlight, that is my favorite.
that sounds fun. what do you do on your spare time?
i am not going crazy. you will not have to worry about that.
oh wow, you have any other hobbies besides dancing?
i love purple and wine, and wine!! i have a purple and orange cat.
oh my, i bet. i am a strong man but i have trouble seeing colors
i am going to a tennis match later. how about you?
i am a tennis player, and i am a professional tennis player
i have a pomeranian
he is a big goof ball
i love to walk with my dog, i love to walk my three room home
i am a professional tennis player and i love my job. what do you do?
i am more of a tennis player, i love to play.
yes, i hope you get there. what is your favorite genre?
that is true. do you like the outdoors
you too, and good luck in tennis!
i am doing great, i am just listening to rock music
i love going to the farmers market and going to concerts. what about you?
cool. what kind of car?
i love dogs, but i have to get them from the farm
what kind of cars do you drive?
i am a farmer.
it can be but you need to be careful
i ride my horses when i can. i am a farmer.
i am a cancer survivor, and i am looking for a job
yes. i run and eat healthy.
that would be a great job
maybe! what kind of social skills?
i work for a life coach. what do you do?
its good. i do like it.
yes we should, i am a great cook
you have fun with your marathon.
hi! i would love to be a friend! i am currently looking for a new job.
i love to go to the park with my daughter and watch movies.
that is so young! i have a daughter.
no i have not but i am a big fan.
i have never seen it. what is soccer?
no, but i am trying to find a new job. do you like movies?
i am a doctor. what do you do for fun?
i bet. do you have kids?
hello! i am 45 year old male. i have a hard time seeing things.
i am not married, i am a alcoholic and i am not happy.
i want to go to the city and live there.
i am not a good alcoholic, i am a recovering alcoholic.
i am a doctor. what do you do?
i am retired now, but i used to work in a factory making cars.
i love to travel and go to the casino.
oh, i am sorry. i am not married.
that is cool. i live in the cloud. you have powers?
i live in the cloud
no. i am too lonely and i am always lonely.
oh, i see. i live in the cloud. i live alone.
no, i am just an ordinary girl.
nope just me and my little sister
they have no souls. they just appear and go
i am only three. and i live on the cloud
that is awesome. i am in the bookstore right now
oh, motorcycles? i don't have a lot of time for them, i am a bookstore clerk.
i love orange, what color is yours?
i don't like the color orange. i do care about fashion though!
i like to dance on the weekends.
i love books about science and engineering. i don't read much.
i am a bookworm, so i love books.
i like to run and go to the gym.
hi trish! my name is george, and i am an only child.
i am not a big fan of school either
i am not very close to them. i am in a very small community.
i would love to go and play, but i am too afraid to go to the park.
do you have any family? i have a brother but no family
pizza is great! i love eating it while listening to george. you?
oh that sounds fun. i am more of a bee person myself
that is cool. i am a farmer.
hello there! i am a vegan, but i don't have any.
i am a big animal lover too. horses are great.
maybe a table top, maybe a chair, maybe a lamp, maybe a desk
i love wine too. i like wine and dancing in the moonlight
that is too bad. i dance in the moonlight, and i remember the moonlight
i dance for a living.
i am a wizard. i can make anyone live forever.
i don't drink, so i don't get the reference.
hi katie i play with my friends on the playground
i am in the 3rd grade, so i am not sure i would like working from home.
i love animals. i have 3 dogs. do you have any pets?
my mom is a veterinarian, but i am too busy to be one.
i don't have a favorite color. what do you like?
i like the princesses. they are so fun!
i have not. i am a kid, so i don't know much about him.
i have never had a best friend, but i do like my little sister.
good. how are you?
no, but i am on the soccer team
thanks! i hope you do well in the spelling bee.
i have a bus, i use it to get to school
i have never used it, but i do ride the bus. i don't like to ride alone.
do you like sports?
oh i see. i am a little older than you.
i am well, just playing my favorite game, call of duty.
i like the band ford, they are my favorite!
i am 24 and love them. i have a ford posse, love that car.
oh i am sorry, i am sure you have a car in your ford posse?
do you like to go to concerts? i love donuts, especially during the weekends.
i don't do much. i don't like to drive much either.
no, but my ford is a pinto, it is a classic.
yeah i like the name
i am nancy, nice to meet you.
nope. but my sister is a teacher, and i have many.
oh, that is exciting. i have been busy with school. what about you?
i bet you have a good time there
i like to play video games, do you?
i don't have a book but i do like reading.
no i don't. i like to play games
i like to be creative and make new friends
i am 32, what about you?
i am only 10. i don't have a lot of siblings.
i have a german shepherd named sam
i am sorry to hear that. i love sports. my dog is a german shepherd
no. i like to watch nhl.
that is a good idea. i would love to do that someday
i have a german shepherd named maddie. do you have pets?
i am a farmer. i live in a small farm with my dogs.
i am doing well. how are you?
nice. what do you do for a living?
that is great, do you like to party
i am a mean girls fan
i like cooking, but my favorite is mean girls
i have a mean girls tattoo on my arm.
i love to help people. i have been to a lot of events.
that is great! i love that charity!
i have never seen one, i have always wanted to.
i am a salesman. what do you do?
i don't listen to much music
i don't. i am a car salesman.
i am planning on getting a divorce, i have a wife.
i would love to! do you like your job?
i do, i have a job as a car salesman.
my wife is my favorite, she is a great wife.
i am doing well and you?
i love animals, i have a pet bee
you are only in your thirties?
i have a hard time feeling connected to anyone, even people that i don't know.
that is a good thing
yes. i have a wife that i am close to and i am a bee farmer.
that is cool, i like italian food
they are all rescues. i have a few of them.
hi! i am a stay at home mom. how about you?
oh, that is cool! i am from somalia. where do you live?
no i did not i was born there
i was born there, but i am in the united states now
me too, i have a new place in the united states
its alright, its been hard, i am a single parent now, and i have a hard time adjusting
i am going to school
thank you. i am sure you will do great.
i am doing well. how are you?
that is cool! i wish i could wrestle but my straight as are suck.
do you like to exercise?
do you like music? i like hip hop
i will, thank you. i have to study for my exams though
i have always wanted to work at the shelter.
i bet it does, what do you like to eat?
i love the gym and the shelter, i also make a good money as a physical therapist.
i am a buddhist so i don't believe in robots
it is! what do you do for fun?
i am sorry to hear that!
that is nice. my dog likes to eat the coconut oil.
i am a buddhist, so i know a lot about expensive plastic surgery.
i live in alaska. where are you from?
dogs are great, but my buddhist parents would rather have a dog.
that is cool. i am a buddhist. do you have any other interests?
i am great. just hanging out with my five sons.
yeah, its hard. i have to be on a low carb diet to stay healthy.
what kind of concert?
i like to go to wine tours. i also like to drink a glass of wine.
a few of them, mostly indie and pop. what about you?
i drive a dodge van. my mini van is a mini van.
that is cool, do you like wine? i love it!
i have a mini van that i drive around in.
hi there, i don't. i am a little young for that.
i am a student at school.
i like soccer, too. i am not good at it, but i like to watch.
that is nice i like to ride the bus
that is nice. what do you like to do for fun?
that would be a lot of fun, i am going to ride the bus there soon
i am sorry. i am 13. i have not done much math.
i like to do them but i am not very good
that is awesome. i hope to move to the city.
i have a lot of them, but they are a bit old.
i would love foals. i am a bit of a horse lover.
that is cool i have a horse farm
i understand that i am not perfect either. i want to be a lawyer.
i have been working at a horse farm for years.
i like anything with milk
that is great i hope to run for political office one day
i love going to the park with my three kids.
yes, they are gymnasts. do you have any children?
that is awesome. i have three kids. they are the best.
i love garlic bread! i also love ice cream.
it is! i love it. what is your favorite ice cream flavor?
i love working out. i also love ice cream.
i am from cali
i love tornadoes. they make me so happy when they hit.
yes i am a party planner
i am a student. i am in college.
that is great i don't have a lot of free time
i am a manager of a clothing store. i spend a lot of money there.
i am not sure i could shop in a tanning bed.
i am a bit too high maintenance for that haha
yeah, i am a very good life saver
sounds like fun. i am a bit of a budget junkie. i have to budget for everything
that is cute. i have been shopping for new clothes.
you sound young. i am only 19. i don't shop.
i love to shop, so much so that i shop for grey hair.
i have a couple of cats. they are so cute.
i don't want kids either
i got in trouble for shoplifting. i shop alot.
nope. i am in a lot of jail time
they are asking about my next trip
i am doing great, how are you?
i have a pit bull and a husky. they are great dogs.
they are great! i have a lot of them, they are my favorite.
i understand that. what do you do for work?
no. i have never had that happen to me. do you have any pets?
haha, i am not scared of him.
you should try it. it is fun.
i am not going to go to a country concert.
i am well, just watching some videos on youtube.
i bet. where are you from?
that is not good, do you like to skateboard
i don't really eat fast food, i like eating healthy
i love burgers too! i love to eat them while skating
not really, i am too old to walk anymore.
yes it is i love the water too
do you have a family? i am the youngest of 8 kids.
i am good, just sitting at my house with my dogs
i am working in it, i work in it for 15 years
i am a house owner in florida. i have never worked in a bank.
that is a great field. i work for an insurance company.
i am an engineer.
cool. i am a stay at home mom.
that must be a rewarding job. do you have any children?
i love music and video games!
i don't like to cook, i prefer to just play video games.
i am a girl with long brown hair and short brown hair, i don't have time to do anything
i like to stay in shape and wear a lot of skinny jeans and leggings
they are so awesome. i am not really a fan though
i like to play video games. what do you do?
they really are not. i like the old stuff
yes, i love to wear them, they are my favorite.
i am great, how are you?
i am a doctor. what do you do?
i am sorry to hear that
that is awesome. my daughter is a child prodigy. i am a doctor.
she was a champion gymnast. i hope to have her in a gymnastics field.
i love my daughter she has a talent for that
i am a doctor, so i am used to playing the piano.
i don't, i have a daughter and a daughter
hi i am from india, where are you from?
that is cool i love to swim i am a swim coach
oh nice! i am from india but my parents are from there. i love to swim.
what do you like to do for fun?
my family is very traditional.
i live in california now. how about you?
i love it. i love to be free spirited. i love to swim.
that is cool i love death metal
hey, i am doing good. how are you?
i don't do that. i volunteer at a soup kitchen
i have been to many national parks but never hiked.
i work at a soup kitchen. i love it
oh wow, that is awesome. what do you do in your spare time
i am from ny. where are you from?
no i am retired. do you like cheeseburgers?
yes i have. they are not cool. i am not into them
oh, i see. you like to play with the dolls?
lol i don't like rockers either
sure. i love those things. do you have any pets?
i have never played it.
that is nice i don't like dolls
why is that? i don't get it. i love to play with my dolls
i would like that. i don't like to larp.
i am working out of my home. i love doing it.
nice! i am getting my exercise in today
nice! i am a gym attendant.
do you have any pets?
what else do you enjoy?
i like to do the treadmill and rowing machine.
i am. my two dogs are the only people i have ever had
i don't blame him. my dogs keep me company
hi there! i am good. just finished my dance class.
it was nice while it lasted.
i bet they are great to have. what do you like to do in your spare time?
do you have any kids?
i am a little young for hip hop, but i like old school
i like classic music, especially the 80s
i am old school too. i was born in the late 80s
yes i was. i was born in 77
no i don't. but i do have a wonderful grandson
that is cool. do you like your job?
i am not sure, my grandson and grandson are both in the hospital.
i like animals but i have to use a phone to text.
i am sorry to hear that. do you like to sew?
i don't have any kids
i have one too! i have been able to do so for years now
i am good how are you?
that is cool. i am 4, my family does not let me have a dog.
i am four, and they are.
i am still learning about the blocks. i don't know anything about letters
yes, it is a lot of fun
that is the dream right there!
that is cool, my 4 year old loves to run.
that is great, i am 4 years old, my mom teaches too
that is cool. i love my family, but don't have a real one.
i like to eat at home, but i do enjoy socializing.
that is a cool profession to be in
i am not a big fan of it
they really do, i am also a student, so i am always in the gym.
yeah, its a great way to socialize.
i work from home, and i have a boyfriend
i don't have a lot of time for that. i am also a stay at home mom.
hey, i am good! my dad just got me into a new job. how about you?
i am in sales, i am a watch dealer.
yeah i love them i am in the process of moving
i have two children, so my husband is not always around.
congrats! i have not been able to afford a home since i lost my job
i want a ghost but i don't have the money for it. i am working too much for a new car
i have not done it for years. i just want a car.
i would love to be surprise
i am great. i just came back from a disney world. i love disney!
nope just my two
my kids are in the 3rd grade
wow, they are great little guys. do you like movies?
i have never been to disneyland. i like to go to the park
yes! i am in 3rd grade, so i will probably be there
my daughter loves the movie too. she is a kid
good! i just got off work from my job as a doctor.
oh that is cool, i like to go to the park
oh really? i work for a doctor
i am so sorry. i hope things get better for your daughter
she is, but i am not sure if i want her as my doctor.
i love to go to the park and watch movies
it is a good movie. i like to watch it when i am not working.
i am well, thank you. just got home from work. you?
that is good. what do you like to do for fun?
that sounds like a good gig. do you have kids?
i don't drink. i work at a school, so i am not home much.
oh that is nice. i have a little girl
i am blonde with brown eyes.
i love anything chicken and i am allergic to chickens.
i am doing well. i just got home from work.
a few weeks now. i am a insurance salesman.
yes it is. i had to get a new job. i had a bad experience.
i love it, i am a insurance salesman, how about you?
i was fired because i was overworked and had to work a new job.
i was fired for being lazy. i am a insurance salesman
i am still in the insurance business, what do you do?
i am sorry. my father was in the army.
i am a student too. i am in italian studies.
i am sorry, i don't understand your question.
i am not sure. i have no family. i don't even have any children.
i am an actress. i love to eat pizza. what about you?
do you like food? i love papaya.
that is great! do you have any family?
yes it is. i also love eating pizza.
i am not sure. i have been to italy a few times.
sure thing. how old are you?
i am a kid and i have never seen a kid robot.
i really like all robots.
i am not sure i am not into robotics.
i am in the first grade. i like to watch it with my friends.
i don't. i like to stay at home with my friends.
i am a singer, i sing in my spare time.
yes, but i am a little bit nervous to go.
i am doing well. just got done reading the last book in my series
that is nice, do you like it here?
it is. i like to read and walk. i also like to travel.
it is beautiful, you should go
i am a librarian so it is hard to relate
that is cool i like to travel to spain
that is awesome. i have been to spain and i want to retire in a few years.
i love pizza. i love to bake
i am a construction worker, i am also married and have 2 children.
i love music, i listen to it when i build houses
that is nice. my parents are very supportive of my work
i have a couple too.
i have a cat and a dog.
i love cats, i have two.
hi, i am doing great, and no, i am just a gamer.
red, i love the color red. do you play?
i am so glad to hear that you got a new job.
i don't like it, i have an addiction to games
that is interesting. i don't know anything about it.
no i am a student. do you?
i am into video games.
hi rob, i am bob and i play soccer
yeah, i am in high school, i am almost done with school.
i drive a bus to school
i play soccer. i like to play online chess as well
that is a good idea. i will try that too.
no, i am not. do you have any pets?
no i am not ready to commit that much
i agree. i will be graduating in a couple years.
i am doing good. i am in my last year of college.
no, a gas station, i was adopted at a young age
i am a teacher at the elementary school
i do have a garden. what about you?
i am not sure. i don't like to go out
i don't. my father does not speak english either.
i am. i was adopted when i was a kid.
no, but i am afraid of clowns.
no i am not sure what is it
yes i love it, i don't drink alcohol
lol i bet! what else do you like to do?
i like to drink and mountain bike
yeah i am a student so i have a lot of free time
that is good. do you like to mountain bike?
i am glad i can enjoy it
i don't drink, but i have been to the mountains.
i am good. how about you?
that is interesting. i like to meditate when i am not playing football.
you should try to talk to me
i am sorry to hear that. i hope things get better
what is your spiritual journey?
that is a shame, do you like to read?
i am a star wars fan and you?
that sounds like a lot of work
sure. what do you like to do?
i am a teacher, but i teach elementary school.
i don't know how to do that, but it is fun.
i am sure you would have fun.
i would like to visit you sometime
oh i am sure. you are a teacher, eh?
that is good. i am glad you are able to do that.
that is amazing, i am only 4
i am good. how about you?
i am in cali, where are you from?
i have a sister. i am in dental school.
i love pizza. what is your favorite food?
i am not a big basketball fan
i am sorry to hear that. do you have siblings? i have a sister.
i have to work with him in my restaurant, i like it.
i am so sorry. i hope you can find something soon.
hello i am good and how are you
i hope he likes to listen to folk music, i love it!
i play the guitar and i hope to be big in the music industry.
i like sports, but not as much as folk music
i am male and i play the piano and guitar.
i agree. i am a musician and hope to be a big one someday.
i am a musician with a passion for the piano and guitar.
what do you do for work? i am a musician, hoping to make it big
i am great! just came from working at the bar at the club.
it is in my college apartment
i just graduated. what about you?
yes it would. what do you do for fun?
do you like to work?
that is good. you should get a cat. they are the best
i have to work early in the morning because i have to pay for college.
i am in college. i have been to a few, but not as much as i would like.
just a bowl of chicken and rice. you?
oh that is great, i am a dr.
yes papaya is good. do you like movies?
i have a daughter who is a prodigy
i wish i had a family that was close to me, i would be so happy
i have 2 kids and a daughter.
maybe. i have always wanted to be a doctor.
my daughter is a kid prodigy.
cool! i am good. just finished reading the last of my 20 book a year.
i like horses too but i am more into reading
no he was a catholic
what do you do for a living?
i like to read, i love to read
no i am too lazy to cook. i eat a lot of meat
i will, thank you. i don't have a lot of money to get one though.
hello! i teach elementary school. i love it.
what did they do?
i am a retired alcoholic and i live on a beach, i love it too
no, i don't. what do you like to listen to?
i don't, do you like them?
i have heard of them but never saw them live
no, not really. i prefer to be on the farm. you?
i like video games. i am a bit of an alcoholic.
i don't have a job yet, i want a career
i broke my arm twice
i don't think he would. i am a huge star wars fan.
i don't drink coffee, i am not a star wars fan
cool. i like reading. i like poetry.
i love them, but not as much as i love star wars.
i like the original star wars.
i am a bit of a coffee drinker.
i bet, i am studying to be a computer programmer.
that sounds like fun. i am going to a pool soon
that is a lot of donuts. how many do you have?
i have a hard time telling the truth sometimes
that would be a great costume for you!
oh nice! i don't know much about metal music.
lol. i love to be free spirited. i like to swim and do karate.
oh okay i don't know her
i don't, but i will be sure to check out.
i am a graphic artist, but i have a weakness for fish and chips
its a brand of fish and chips. i love them.
do you enjoy cooking paella?
i don't have any. what do you do for work?
oh wow, that is awesome. do you have any hobbies?
i am not either but my mom does. do you have any hobbies?
i do too. i am an art major at the moment.
hello. i am well. just hanging out here. you?
i am a 56 year old woman.
i love to paint
i think they do, i love them.
i agree. i am a 56 year old woman, and they think i am just a boring painter
i used to love gymnastics when i was a young painter.
i love art. i have two grown children that love art.
i am. my wife and i enjoy taking them on trips to the world.
i am doing well, how about you?
oh, i am a fan of those too.
me too, they are the best
i love my black lab. he is my baby.
nice. i am in colorado. i am a mechanic, i love to hike in the spring.
it is! i have been rock climbing since i was a baby!
i don't work too much but i do like to go out and rock climb.
you should. it would be nice to go out to explore.
i am good how are you?
coffee is my passion, but i love to make coffees.
i played football, i was in a college.
do you like football?
cool i love star wars
i have a big star wars fan as well
i don't, i like to do other stuff
i also like poetry. what do you like to do in your spare time?
i am sorry. i am getting ready for a run.
nice. i have a dog and two dogs
that is cool, i don't like pepper spray, i don't like to get sick
i don't like the gym. i have to get up early for work.
i am not much of a fan of the treadmill
i don't have any pets. do you?
i like the gym, i don't go often.
do you have any pets?
i am good. how about you?
i am an accountant. how about you?
wow that is a big change!
facebook is the only way i meet new people.
that is good. i am not sure how to make it work.
i am the opposite, i am a vegetarian. i spend all my money on cars.
i am in alabama and love the rain, i am a bit jealous.
what kind of car do you have? i love my toyota.
i am good, just finished shopping with my sister.
i love shoes and watches
yeah i know what you mean.
nice! i have got a black and white ghost
i like her too, but she is not my favorite
yes it is, what kind of music do you like?
i like to shop. i am a shopper for a watch dealer.
they don't really care, i don't think they would either.
i am well thank you. i am watching hockey.
it is. i love it
i am a farm worker, what do you do?
i am a farmer and a boy with big dreams.
i have a dog. it is a german shepherd.
oh wow!!! i bet you are pretty handy!
i love to go for a ride on my dog
what dreams? i am not sure what you mean
i am good how are you?
i work in an office. my dad sold door to door sales.
you are not brave enough to go to the olympics?
i have 3 dogs and i have to walk my dogs
i love to watch them, but my father is a door to door salesman.
i love dogs and i love door to door salesmen. you?
yes, i have a lot of practice
i would love to share, but i would be afraid of what my dog would do.
i am great, i just got home from the gym
i bet that is a pain. i have to do that with my dogs.
oh, you are a massager? i have 2 dogs, 2 cats, 2 kids.
i do my best! do you have any pets?
i work for a local newspaper.
i am 57. i have a dog and two dogs
i don't have any pets.
i am not a hobble. i am an old lady.
you as well. what do you do for fun?
nice! do you like music? my favorite band is up.
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for work?
that sounds like a lot of fun
we are all very close, my parents were teachers and i am in a band
sorry to hear that. i am sure she was very proud of you
i love to go to the beach
i like to play board games, and watch up.
i bet that is a pretty sight. i love baseball!
i am doing good, just got back from my daily reading.
oh, i am sorry. i am a bookworm. i am in pennsylvania.
i love pennsylvania too! what kind of job do you have?
i am a teacher. what about you?
that sounds like a rewarding job
do you have any pets?
what do you read? i like documentaries.
i have a book of their books on my desk
i am good how are you
that is so cool i grew up in yale and have a degree in finance
that is a great way to describe it
they don't know what i am going to do
i know. i am not sure i would like it either
i am not sure. i have not been to yale yet.
yes, i am very wealthy and i like to go to school
it would have been nice, but i am sure my parents would not have liked it
i am great, just got back from the gym. how are you?
me too! i am studying for my spanish class
i love roofing. do you live in a house or apartment?
i have been studying french for a while. what about you?
i am a drummer in a band.
i think it would. i am a musician so i know all the languages
i do, they are my favorite animal.
i love cats. do you like to travel?
hi jefferson, i have a bmw, too. i don't go to school.
yes. they are. i have to live by their rules.
i have not been to new york yet, i am a bit of a kid.
i don't have any friends. do you have any?
i am not a fan of stocks, but i love to play pobox.
that is good. do they like money?
oh that must be nice
i hope you do, i have a lot of friends but i don't have many.
i am doing well, just got done walking my 3 mile walk
i love the color blue and the color mickey mouse.
i have a dog, he is the best. i am a nurse for the baby section
yes, i have been to disneyland. i love to go and read a book.
i am a nurse, it is a great job, you should try it
that sounds great, do you like pizza?
what is your favorite disney movie?
i deliver babies, i love it so much
i am doing good, how are you?
i love my old watch. my dad keeps trying to set me up with them.
i am a cashier at a local gas station, but my job is not as exciting.
i would go running with my hands, but my mother kept trying to get me to do something.
it was, he tried to set me up for a blind date but i was too afraid
it is. my parents are both still alive. i am not sure if i will ever get married
he does but i don't care what he thinks
yeah, they are not good people.
i am well thank you. how are you?
i know, i just got married and am getting ready to get my wedding in the spring.
i am a teacher. i teach kindergarten.
i am not sure really. i just like being a teacher.
no. i am getting married in the spring.
what are you plans for the day?
yes, i can fly, i work at a school
i don't know i don't know taylor swift
sure! i like to eat chocolate candy, you?
i don't. i am four.
yeah, it helps with my four year old.
i love books, especially poetry and music.
wow, you have a lot of kids. how old are they?
oh yes! i love books! i love to read!
thanks! i am trying to do that.
i am a four year old girl.
i don't, i am too busy on facebook.
oh that is cool, what do you like to do for fun?
i do, i eat a lot of veggies.
i don't know. i am not a good judge of character.
blue is nice, but my favorite is orange. i am happy that it is orange.
i like to watch baseball, hockey, and rollerblading.
i don't like baseball but i love to run
i am not sure if you are being sarcastic or not... i don't eat meat
hi i am great, i am a musician and i play the guitar
that is great! i am studying the language.
me too!! i am in college studying spanish right now!
yes, i love red. i also love green, blue, purple, and yellow.
that is nice. i love the color green.
what do you do for a living
that is a fun job! i am studying spanish right now.
oh that is nice i am a musician so i have a lot of friends to go with
oh, i am a baby delivery nurse, so i understand
i love disneyland. i have been there many times. i love walking around it.
i love reading and going to disneyland
i am a baby girl. i am the baby delivery nurse.
i love reading books.
i love all of those bands. they are my favorite!
oh, i have never been.
a planet. he is the main character of the new movie
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i like being active too. i don't swim, though, so i can not do that either.
it does, i also swim in the pool.
no, i don't have any.
the way my mother is always very respectful of me and the family.
yes. i love cooking them.
its a recipe from a book i am reading.
i don't really have a favorite but i do like the indian dishes
i am doing well just got back from a long shift
what is your favorite food?
i don't get to play it much. i am in the insurance business
i am sorry to hear that, i am a retired insurance broker.
i hope so. i have to work overtime today so i can pay the bills
i love mexican and italian.
that is cool! do you like to play softball?
what is the best kind of burger you have had?
hi! it has been great. how about yourself?
i am more into dancing. i love dancing.
haha, that is what i was thinking too. i was just in somalia, and escaped.
nice! i am a packers fan myself
i agree, he is too old to play in the playoffs now
the one that threw the first pick six
that is funny! i don't know who that is.
i am not sure what that means but i am happy
i would imagine so. what do you do for a living?
i have a little bird, she is a little girl. triplets are coming soon.
cats are awesome. i am a cat lady, and i have a cat too.
i have a new apartment and i am expecting triplets soon. triplets are awesome.
i am not sure what you mean
i have a daughter who is 3.
i am a teacher so i don't have pets.
that is good i like animals
that is cool. i am studying to be a lawyer.
that is amazing! what are you studying?
i am not, just in high school. do you have any hobbies?
no, i am not in college yet.
i don't work right, i work for a spanish company.
nice! i am hoping to buy a mustang for my next job.
i love cars. what is your favorite car?
it is, i have a french bulldog, he is very loyal to me.
hi! i am doing great. i just finished my job at a brewery.
zoo is good. what kind of music do you like?
i have a buddhist wife and a buddhist wife. i am the only one in my family that listens.
i am in alaska.
it is beautiful, but i am not sure what to do with the body parts.
i like to read a lot of books.
i love cars. i also like meditation.
i love music, i am not a fan of god though.
that is cool i love music.
i am a stay at home mom. i spend most of my time on facebook.
that is a hard dream. i hope to have my kids someday.
i understand that. i am working at the nursing home and my wife left
i have been in nursing homes and they are so expensive.
that sounds nice. do you like it?
yes. i am a very unhappy person. i don't believe in god. you?
i am doing good, how are you?
i am trying to get a better job.
oh that is cool. i like to cook, but i
oh, i see. do you have a favorite food? i love sushi, but
do you have any hobbies or hobbies?
what is your favorite food to cook?
i think that is true. i have been to every state except alaska and new mex
i am trying to get into that
hi! i am good! how are you?
i love chocolate too! i also enjoy cooking it.
i don't have time for pets. i have a husband and two kids.
that is a good idea. i will try that. i am a vegetarian.
that is cool. i like singing, but i am not very good.
i love the new york bucs
i am a vegetarian, so i understand that.
oh i thought you were a guy
sure, i love to go to the gym.
i love music too. my favorite is the radio.
its a lot to learn. i have been playing chess for a while.
that is awesome. i would like to take a bath.
i am 23. i am still a teenager.
i live in the suburbs. i have never been to the city
i am in my twenties and explore the city. it is so beautiful.
oh that sucks, i am sorry.
i love tacos, i like them a lot
i am a big fan of tacos. i am in alabama, where do you live?
he is great. i am a big fan of him.
i have two dogs, they are both in the 10th grade
that is terrible! i am sorry to hear that
i am sorry, i am a chef and i hate tacos
i am sure it is. i am not going to the restaurant to eat it though.
i don't think so. i am in the medical field.
no i am a doctor
oh yes i do like that. do you have kids?
i am a dr. so i have lots of free time.
she is a child prodigy
i did not teach her, but my daughter is a genius.
that is interesting. i am a doctor, what do you do?
i am in florida. how about you?
that is nice, i have never been to europe
oh okay. i do construction work.
cool. do you have any hobbies?
i love fish but my cats eat it
i am a chef too, but i am a little tired.
i think it is about a dozen.
i have a cat named charlie, i love him
i am a cat lover, so i am not sure what you mean.
i work with animals and create music
i will just say my name charlie. i am also the head of our local band
i love to listen to rap. my favorite artist is charlie daniels.
it is great. i enjoy cooking. i make a killer pizza
i understand, i have a lot of kids and they keep me young.
i love olives! what kind is yours?
a cat! he is very friendly, he is my pet
yeah, he loves it. he has a lot of kids.
i am doing great. just got home from my job at the bookstore.
congrats! what color is your new car?
no i don't. i like to read. do you like to read?
i love talking to people. i love to compete in dog competitions.
that is good. i am in school for chem.
i like to read books. i also like to run. i don't like to wear pants.
i have a long term boyfriend, he works in a bookstore.
he just hates orange. he is a little weird like that.
i am great! just came back from a country concert. you?
what kind of music do you like to listen to?
i have a mutt. he is very sweet and friendly. what do you like to eat?
haha, i am old. i was born in the 90s.
i agree, i love country music! what is your favorite song?
yeah it was, i am a contractor for an architect firm, and you?
i don't like the job though. it is a lot of work.
i am great! i just got home from knitting a blanket for my dog.
i have a dog named jay. what kind of dog is he?
i like to knit and bake
i have to do a lot of searching too since i like to make cookies
i have never heard of that, i will have to check it out.
i am a baker and would like a job in the city
oh okay, i love to knit.
i love dogs too but i don't have any, i love to knit.
that is great! i am a stay at home mom, i love kids.
my father used to work at a home depot, but he stopped.
what city would you like to visit
yes, i live in a rural area. i like to take my son to the movies
yes, i do, and i am very proud of them.
my dad worked at home depot, he was a salesman.
i live in a big city.
i am a stay at home dad so i don't see much of that
i am doing good. just came back from work. how are you?
i have never left ohio, i work there. i am in retail.
i am from ohio. where are you from?
i play a little bit of video games, i have a black olives pizza with black olives.
it is but i have to make the most of it
i am not sure i agree with that, but i don't know. i have not been out of ohio
yum! what is your favorite food?
i like to make them myself
yes, i like to shop and go to the beach
oh, well that is not too bad.
that is amazing! my boyfriend and i were just getting to know each other.
that is sad. i am sorry
he just did not see it through, he just ignored me
oh really? do you like to hike?
i hope he does!
yes, i am in gymnastics, i love italian food. you?
you should. it is a great time
i like to listen to music and go running.
i love sports but i am not a basketball person
i am in gymnastics, i love it!
i will try to! i love italian food.
sounds like we could make some great memories together.
lol, that is a good way to look at it
it is here too. i am just getting back from my job
what do you like to do for fun? i love to read
that is awesome. i am a double as a second job.
that is great! i am a stay at home mom.
what do you do for work?
i was raised on a trailer park, so i don't know how to handle winters.
that is cool. i am in a single dad household and i eat a ton of fast food
i am great how are you?
wow, i don't play any sports but i play basketball.
what are you having for dinner?
travis scott. i am a dentist
my mom is a dentist, she is great!
i am a waitress at a restaurant, but my sister is looking for a job.
i am a dentist. i am looking for a job.
what do you do for a living
that is a lot of chili. what do you do for a living?
that is great! my dad is a farmer. we will take him. i am the baby sitter.
wow! i have never seen that before
i would love that! what are your plans for today?
it is really fun to ride. it is like a race track
no names and yes i would
i don't work but i have arabian horses.
good. how was yours?
football is fun. do you watch it at home or do you watch it in person?
i am watching the animals at the sanctuary.
i am just getting ready for my next activist group i am going to
i like all colors, but my favorites are red and blue.
i just like the color
because i am too old to own one
yes i have a dog
i am doing ok, how are you?
i am sorry. do you have any pets?
yes. yes i am. i am also a mean girl
i am a party animal.
oh that sounds cool! i am a mean girls fan
i am a party animal so i like to go to the movies
i don't think anyone thinks they sound better than i do
i am in the south. i am a party animal, i love to go out to eat.
i am doing great! how are you?
i am sorry, i have no siblings
that is not good. do you have a job?
super strength to stop time. i live in the cloud.
i hope you enjoy it!
i live in the cloud
i am a little bit lonely and lonely
i am so hungry. i am a superlative superman
i am doing great, thanks. i am training to be a rowing machine instructor.
wow, you must be very good at teaching children.
i like to do the rowing and workout.
i love hiking. i love doing it in the gym.
parrots are cute. i like to exercise my hair
that is nice, parrots are cute. do you have a favorite color?
that is awesome, i would love to be a bird trainer someday
i have a matted hair, so they don't bother me.
i love all rap music. do you have a favorite?
i have a step child and a triplet. they are a handful.
do you like the beach?
that is so sweet, i have a step daughter
haha, i am sure they would love to drive my new place!
i am not sure. i am a new parent
haha. i would not want that. i am a little scared of step children
good, i am just relaxing. you?
i am in my early thirties, i have a bmw.
i have been in business for a while now. what is your favorite thing to do?
he sew cloths and sweaters
i am a banker. i love to spend my money.
yes but very nice. i am a banker so i love cold
oh wow. i am a financial banker.
i am going to business school next year. what do you like to do?
good, how about you?
that is fun! i have never seen the movie.
i am the same way about chocolate. i love chocolate.
well it was nice chatting with you
i am a student at disney.
that is funny. i love to sing in the movie frozen
oh wow, that is awesome! i love disney, so i have never been there.
i like to watch disney movies.
i am doing well. what about yourself?
i like to work from home.
i love to play games online, but hate it.
i am an accountant. i love to role play and i love animals.
i like them. i am addicted to it.
that sounds like fun. what is your favorite color?
i am in college too. i have been working from home for a while.
i like rpgs, but i hate them! i am addicted to role playing.
hi there. i am well. how about yourself?
i work at the gas station, i am a manager there
that is funny, my father used to try to set me up on dates
i understand. i am sorry for your loss
that is good. i hope you find your happiness soon.
i am sorry to hear that.
i know. i am so sorry about that.
oh no, my father used to try to set me up with them. i hate it.
i am good thanks for asking
i like playing with my friends, but i prefer playing with my family.
oh i see. i walk to my chinese restaurant. it is my favorite food.
i work as a nurse as well, but i love to eat chocolate bars.
i am an electrician and i work in the hotel industry. i love the circus!
i have been here for a month, but my dad wants me to go to a restaurant.
oh okay, i will leave my chocolate bar on the table
i am doing great, just got home from the hospital. how about you?
that is good. i walk 3 miles every morning. it is my favorite way to relax.
nope, but i love disneyland and i am a nurse
both actually. i am nervous, but excited.
do you like disney?
that is great i am a delivery nurse
oh i love to go to disneyland and read
i bet! i bet my husband is happy to have a day off too!
great just got home from a nice bubble bath. you?
i like reading to relax too. especially with my two dogs.
i work at an insurance firm.
i am single. no kids for me.
i love my dogs and bubble baths
no i am a single mom with 2 dogs
i love going there, too. i have never been though.
same here! have a great day!
i have not. is it a lot of work?
nope, just like to be around people
i am in my 20s, how about you?
oh that is not boring at all.
wow! i have a dog named barnaby, and a german shepherd.
i am single as well, and i have a dog. i like grey.
my dog is a german shepherd
i am good, how was your day today?
i am a banker, i have a bmw and drive it everyday.
i like that too
yes! i love going to the casino with my family and friends.
that sounds great, i will be taking my bmw to work
it was good talking to you too, have a great day!
thanks for the chat, i will try to go somewhere else soon.
i am a banker and i have to go to business school next year
i am going to the gym.
that is cool. i like to go to the gym and run.
i love to run and do the rowing machine.
what kind of music do you like?
i like all kinds, i love all music.
i love the gym.
that is cool. i don't have any pets.
i have been to a few piano concerts
hello, i am doing well today!
i like to dance but i don't have the coordination to do it.
it was. it was my favorite. i was born in 80 and saw the movie
i like summer too, but not as much as i like dancing.
i don't have a lot of time to play. i am still in preschool.
monopoly is a great game. i have not played in years.
that is great! i hope my dance class can help me with my dancing!
i am doing well. just came back from a run with my bmw.
i am sorry. do you like to exercise?
that is great! i am hoping to go to business school.
yes, i am excited to start business school
sorry to hear that. what else do you enjoy?
i like to drive mine.
well you should go with your heart and not your head
oh. i am sorry. i have been drinking.
great! just got done with my boyfriend.
a fish. i love my fish.
i am not much of a tea person but that sounds nice.
i have never been to the museum. i am a big wine drinker
wow that is cool. do you have any pets?
i love going out to eat. i also like to swim.
yes i do eat oranges
yes. i am a big fan of orange
hi! i am good, and you?
that is too bad. i am single, and i have two dogs.
my two dogs and i love to play poker in my baths
i don't watch tv, i am a dog lover
i have two dogs and i love them.
i am. i play a lot of games. chess is one of them.
i am only 22. i am single.
i am only in my second year of high school
hey! i am great! i just started working as a pa.
yes it is. what is your favorite movie?
me too. what do you do for a living?
i love the old movies like dirty harry
i started a new job 3 months ago in a new state.
i live in pennsylvania, but i have to work a few days in a few months
i am married. i live with my husband and three children.
wow, that is so young. i have two boys, and a girl.
sure! do you have any hobbies?
do you like music?
yes. i love all types of music
oh that is nice. i am 19 and still living with them.
i am 19 and i still live with my parents. i want to move out
i am sure that is true!
i don't drink and don't eat drugs. you?
me too! i am 19, and i am ready to move out
it sure is. i like to garden too, but that is about it. you like to garden?
i love to garden and walk outdoors too!
do you like to go hiking?
i have a cat named kj.
i agree! i love them!
i am a teacher at a school
oh, that is a big change. what do you like to do for fun?
that is cool, do you like to garden?
i am sorry. what do you do for a living?
i love basketball. what about you?
i love fashion but i don't like the trends
i like to play basketball
i am an accountant.
that is good. i hope you find a job. i am looking for one.
thanks. i hope you have a good one as well!
have a great night, and good luck with the restaurant job search.
i am jason. i enjoy coffee, i am a huge star wars fan.
that sounds like a lot of fun.
i like to play football, but i am not very good. i am a star wars fan.
i am a big fan of star wars and poetry
no. what is it about?
swimming is fun. what do you like to cook
i have a big crush on a girl named mary who is into star wars.
i would love to have a big pool
i love music, but i am not good at it.
lol. i am going to school to become a physical therapist.
i have not. i have a passion for basketball though.
i wish i got paid to run, but i just want to be a physical therapist
no, i just like to run
i would like to be a physical therapist one day
i am in high school. what do you do?
hi i am good how about yourself?
what kind of music do you play
that is cool. do you have any hobbies?
do you like softball, i love it
what do you mean by that
thank you he is a soldier and i am in the army
thank you. i have to work in the insurance business now.
i am sorry to hear that, i have been with the army for years
i am great, thanks. i just got back from a walk with my dogs, how about you?
i am a graduate student, so i am a little limited in my job options.
that sounds exciting. i am a graduate student, i am a graduate student.
yes it is, i am also a graduate student
no, i am a graduate student.
i am a graduate student
i am in college and am a graduate student
i like them. i am a student so i am reading a book on them
i am doing well, thank you! and you?
i am a farmer. what about you?
that is cool. i am a farmer.
i have not learned french yet. i live in a farming community.
no, but he can speak german.
i love them but i am more of a meat lovers.
i like baseball as well. what do you like to eat?
that is great. i don't have any pets. i am a farm dog.
no pets but i do have a motorcycle helmet
i have a motorcycle helmet that helps with my income.
i am not into movies. i am more into sports. i love rollerblading
do you have a car?
that sounds like a lot of fun! i am a waitress at a cafe.
i am not a foodie. i like to eat out, but not eat out alone.
do you have any hobbies?
oh wow, you must be very fit.
black! i love the color of the watch, it is so pretty.
lol! i would love to have a pet fish!
orange is the best color
i have not done anything yet, i am working on a watch.
well i am a watch seller, so my family does not like it, but i love it
well, i am a bit of an intellectual, so that is why i shop.
well i work for a watch dealer.
i think so, but it could be anything. i am not sure.
i am good, thanks for asking. how are you?
i am married to a doctor, so i understand. what else do you like to do?
yeah, my family is really big and they grow very fast
i don't sing much, but i love to read and play tennis.
i am a professional tennis player and i have a dog
i am a pro tennis player and i sing the songs to my wife.
it is ok, i am not the best at spelling.
sounds fun. i have a dog, his name is oreo
i am well, how about yourself?
it is not my fault you are a clown!
i work in gas stations. i am an electrician
i like all kinds, i love music. i am a fan of folk music.
i listen to it when i am working.
i love to garden. i have to get a new truck soon.
yeah i work in the gas station
i am going to go skateboarding soon. you?
that is cool. what is your fave movie?
i love coffee! what kind? i have a new skateboard and love it!
do you have a job
football is fun. i like skateboarding better.
oh i love poetry too. do you have any pets?
i will do that. what else do you do?
my name is michael. how are you?
oh my gosh! i love to wear jeans!
i have to buy new jeans everytime i go running
video games are fun, but i love running, i run for fun
i like listening to music too, i like all kinds.
i love carrots and onions.
i like them too!
i know i should be vegan
i am from the united states. i am a teacher
i am in new york, how about you?
me too. i am not a fan of the new stuff.
i like gardening and walking outside.
i love dancing. do you go to church or do you attend?
oh that is cool. i work in the garden and i love to walk outside
i live in the south. you?
i am a woman, so no worries!
hi there, i am a librarian, and i am retiring next year.
i have been to many tournaments. i am a librarian.
i love the library too! i am a librarian, and i love reading.
wow, that is impressive! i am a librarian, so i travel a lot.
oh that is awesome! i am a librarian, so i get to see him a lot!
that is cool i have a librarian i am going to retire next year
i am a librarian at a library. i love it.
i have never had chocolate. i do love traveling though. i love to travel
hey. i have an android but no phone either.
i am not a fan of sewing. my favorite color is blue
i bet that is very relaxing
oh no, i am so sorry.
what do you do for fun
that is great, i am vegetarian, so no broccoli for me.
i am excited! what do you do for fun?
that is a good one, i love the area. do you have any pets?
i am doing good, how about yourself?
i am a kid and i love new kids
cool. i like hip hop.
i love to walk and bike, but i don't have a lot of time.
they have some good music, but i like their older stuff.
that is great, do you want to be a lawyer?
i am a dancer. i am on a break from dancing.
hello! i am a huge star wars fan
that is cool. i am not retired but have been playing football for a long time.
i love meat too! i eat meat every day!
true. i am a fan of star wars, but don't like burgers.
i grew up in the south, i was a part of the football team at alabama
wow, that sounds fun! i am trying to become a football player.
well i love star wars. what about you?
hi. i am in college and hate school. how are you?
yeah i am still a student.
that is cool. i work in a veterinary office. i hate it.
yes i am, but i don't like it
i did but i don't like the stress of the job.
i am a vet, and i am not happy with the job. i want to work at a zoo!
i don't know. i am a veterinarian. but i hate it.
yeah... i am sure that will change soon...
good! i have been hanging out with my three sisters.
i live in alabama. i don't have any pets, but i am thinking of getting a dog.
i am in high school now
oh i love tacos too. i have to feed them tacos after i eat my taco
that is a bummer. what do you do for work?
i have a few brothers.
i have a sister and a brother. i don't want to have to share a bed with them
yup, i like new things.
oh that sounds like a fun job!
i am larry. nice to meet you as well.
cool. i am more of a reader than a reader.
i love the joker. i also like to cook.
that sounds like fun. i am a chef and love to cook.
my hobbies are cooking, comics, and reading.
that is nice i am a chef
i am good. just knitting and eating ice cream. you?
i have a dog. he is my best friend
i am a very social person and love knitting!
i don't have any pets but i do love knitting!
i like to knit and crochet.
do you have any hobbies?
i am sure it is a handful
i have a dog and he is my best friend
hi, i like to listen to aerosmith too, i am a cook and cook
i am not really a fan of it.
me too! i just moved here to florida.
i have but it is not my specialty. i would rather be cooking
it is. i have been on the other side of the world a lot.
i am not sure. do you like to cook? i do.
i would love bitcoin too, but i am not very good at it.
i have been doing it since i was a teenager.
i am well. how are you?
i like poetry and i also like star wars.
oh no. i am so sorry. i hope to get better soon
i don't think so. i like poetry
yes i do, i played football in high school.
i am a huge fan of star wars.
i am a fan of coffee, so yes!
i do! what is your favorite book? mine is about mexican food
that is awesome. i am in construction, and i work at a restaurant
i like tea but i don't drink it.
i love roses. i love mexican food. i eat it everyday.
i don't work, just watch nascar and watch the fights. you?
nice! i love mexican food and drink chamomile tea.
yeah, i have a huge collection of books.
i am not sure i would like that.
i am good. just got back from a night shift at the bar. how are you?
i work at a local place, but i am looking for a new job.
that is cool i am studying nursing.
that is cool. i work at the bar. i am the bartender.
you are very polite and courteous. do you like chicken?
wow! i am sure there are more.
i am in college. i am going to be a nurse.
yes i am, i am studying for nursing.
good. just hanging out with the dogs and my mom.
i bet it was. i am a piano teacher. i love to teach kids.
my father was a violinist. he taught me how to play.
i am in the united states
i am a big fan of pasta.
shawarma is delicious! my favorite is pork. i love pork.
i will. i am a piano teacher.
that is too bad. i am not a cook. i like to work on cars.
i have two dogs, they are my favorite food. i like country music the best
i don't like cars either but i love working on them.
that is not good. i would hate to clean it up. i love country music.
i love to travel.
i have a few dogs and two dogs are my favorite. what about you?
that sounds very nice! i have a couple of dogs myself
hi katrina, i am a teacher and i work in the school
triplets, i just moved in with my boyfriend
i will have to check that place out. i am expecting triplets in the next few months.
i am a huge disney fan!!!!
that is cool, i am a teacher and i love teaching kids
that is a long walk. i have to get up at 4am everyday.
yeah, i have been to a few national parks. i love them.
hello! i am a retired nurse and have a great grandchildren
i have a few grandkids i wish they hung out with me.
i am 53 years old. i have great grandchildren, and i am retired.
i am sorry. i am sure that it will get better.
oh yeah? what do you do?
that is sad. what do you do for work?
that is good i wish you good luck
that is good. you can always do what you want to do, just do it.
that is nice. i have a lot of time to spare.
what else do you like to do?
i will try! i also make straight as in school so i am sure it will pay off!
that is awesome! i am a straight a student so i don't have the time for sports.
that is great! do you play any sports?
i think i am pretty pretty.
sure thing, i will add you
i have been to the gym before, i am a student.
me too. i don't like the holidays at all.
that is cool. what do you do for fun?
that is cool i like to ride my motorcycle
no, i just don't like to see animal abuse.
cool, what color is yours?
yeah i love to ride it. i love the color of it.
yeah i am a big safety guy
that is cool, i have a big beard with a big brown eye and big brown eyes.
i am good, just got back from school.
high school. i just started my senior year. i am going to enjoy it.
that is awesome! i am not very good with math.
oh, that sounds like fun. what do you do for fun?
i am on a soccer team.
i hope so! what do you do for fun?
yeah i think i am gonna go to college
i am trying to learn the basics.
hi, i am great. just got back from fishing.
i am doing great, just got back from a walk with my fish, i love fish.
i like the color orange, but my favorite is orange.
i like to fish.
i am not really, i don't listen to much metal
i work at an aquarium. i have a fish, he is orange.
oh cool. i love the color orange.
i am a pa. i just started a new job 3 months ago.
i am a teacher. i have been working at my new job for 3 months
i am a freelance writer. i am also pregnant.
that is so cool. do you have a favorite movie?
girl.... i am excited.... i am a new mom, and i am ready to have a boy!
i love navy blue, what is your favorite color?
i agree! what do you do for work?
he is a little annoyed, he has been working 3 jobs for me.
sure i am an old soul. how old are you?
i am a retired gym teacher.
i am retired now. i have a job at the soup kitchen.
oh wow. that is sad. i am a retired old woman.
oh, i don't skateboard, but i love cheeseburgers!
rob dryden is awesome. he does a lot of good stuff.
what do you do for fun
not really, i like to volunteer at the soup kitchen.
hi darlene, i am doing well. i am well, thanks for asking.
no, i don't really have time for them. i have to work.
you should try facebook it is a lot of fun.
i don't think you are a good fit for my job.
my wife left me, so i am just hanging out with my kids.
i like music too. what kind of music do you play?
no kids, but i have a wife and two dogs
i am married, but i am looking for a husband, i am not very happy with my current lifestyle.
hi there i am a watch seller. how are you?
what did she yell at you
i am only 22. i am hoping to have kids soon.
oh. i have been shopping for new ghost cars. i am a collector.
yes i do, i have a daughter
maybe, i am a watch seller so i am pretty busy
they sure are. i am lucky to have a job that supports my lifestyle
i am good. i am a violin player, and i love it.
i am sorry you feel that way. do you like to cook?
that is terrible, i am sorry
oh that is sad. i hope you can get out of there soon.
no, i am a student, but my dad works as an electrician.
that is great. i hope to get a new job after school.
you can learn to do it. it takes practice.
i play the violin, and play the guitar.
i am great. how are you?
i am glad to hear that. do you have any hobbies?
watching my favorite animal, the parrot. how about you?
all kinds. i also like to bird watch.
i have a cat named rainbow, he is very loyal and loves to stay in my closet
i am an activist for animals. i have my own farm
because i am an activist for animal rights and i am a vegan.
i don't think i am either. i just don't know.
i am doing good, how about yourself?
i sell watch parts.
i am in retail, i am working for a watch company.
i love pizza, and i am a big fan of shopping
oh. i love it here in ohio. i love to shop.
oh, that is cool. i love to shop for shoes and watches, but i am not in business.
i live in new york city. what about you?
i am great, how are you?
i have a violin and a few other instruments.
what kind of job are you looking for?
i hear ya. what do you do for fun?
i am in my 20s, and i love to explore new things
i am a 30 year old female
i am in my spare time, i volunteer at the shelter, i love it.
hi, i am watching the nhl and watching the pens play
i like folk music. what do you do for a living?
i love hockey. i am a farmer, so i have a lot of time to watch.
i am so sorry. i love animals so much.
i wish my mom would.
i live in a rural area, i like to watch sports, hockey and nhl.
i work in a farm.
i am a farmer and i love to watch hockey.
i am not a customer, i just enjoy the game
i bet! i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for work?
you have to try again. she is the one who introduced me to gambling.
i have been working at a grocery store for years now
i am not a big fan of music, but i do love to gamble.
i like t swift, but i prefer country music.
nice, i love the nissan i have one myself
i am doing great, how about yourself?
i have 5 kids. we love to watch baseball.
yes it is. i like to watch sports with my boys.
i am a coach of a little league baseball team. we drink wine in the evening.
i love fruit. especially grapes
i also like to drink wine in the evenings.
yes i love them. i have a mini van that i drive
i like them too. do you like to listen to music?
hi, i am good, just finished cooking my favorite paella. you?
i am more of a fish person myself.
i am a college student. i am a artist, but i don't work.
that is cool i go once a year for a couple of months
i like it too. i like the food and the girls.
oh, no, i am sorry. do you have pets?
what is your favorite dish?
i am doing great, how about you?
i love to eat it. i am 4, my birthday is coming up soon
that is not good. do you like chocolate? i love chocolate
oh, i see. you were in the band?
what is your fav color? mine is blue
thank you. what is your favorite food?
i will look into that, thanks. i don't have any siblings yet.
i think that would be a good start.
hello! i am doing great. how are you?
i like to dance and watch the moonlight. i love it.
i don't have a car.
i am sure that you are not the only one!
yes, i love it so much.
i bet you have a lot of friends though
i have been drinking wine and going to the moon.
no, i was born in 1882 and i remember the moonlight well
it is going well, just got back from fishing
cool. i am cooking dinner and going fishing later. you have any hobbies?
i am more of a fish person.
i love reading and cooking but love reading comics.
salmon is good. i like fish and i am a big fan of cooking.
that is great. i hope i can get into that someday.
i love cooking, but my love for comic books makes me think i am a nerd.
hello. i am doing well. how are you?
i am so excited. i am so ready for my triplets!
no they will be my first.
that is good to hear. i am still working on getting them in bed.
congratulations! i just moved to the us last month
i love meat but don't eat it
yes. i love my new home. i am a full time student.
oh that is great i have a kid i love it
i am great, how are you?
i love my job. it is so hard for me to leave it.
wow that is amazing. do you have a favorite animal?
the whole idea of working from home.
i am a pretty eclectic person
cool. i am a vet and love it.
i love horses. i have a lot of friends who have them.
i would love to go back.
good, just got back from the theater, i am in the band.
i am a stay at home mom so i am always busy
i am sorry to hear that, i am not married yet
i am going to have two kids so i can keep up with them.
yes it would, but i am very happy with my house and my marriage.
that is awesome! what is your major?
you should teach them to eat healthy. i eat a lot of raw veggies.
i see them in concert a lot, i am not married yet.
oh my. i bet you are very rich!
i work in the insurance industry. i have to work hard for my new job.
it is alright, i am sure you will get over it
yes. what kind of job do you have?
oh that is nice. my dad works in insurance
yes. i was a marine for a long time.
i don't like it. i am moving to a new state.
i bet you would get along. i would not want to work with you
i am good. just got home from work. how are you?
oh i am watching that too
i like cooking, so that helps. do you like to sky dive?
do you have any hobbies? i love sky diving
i like rap and i also like to watch roller coaster videos.
i like the rollercoasters and sky diving
i have seen that one before. do you watch any swimming shows?
yes it does but i love the smell of the compost
i am doing well. how are you?
oh no, that is not good. i hope everything works out.
i am sure it will not, i am sure you will be able to pay it off
i have a son, he is a big fan of wine
i like video games. i also enjoy a glass of wine in the evening.
i have not tried it. i am not picky.
i love to drink wine and go to the movies
i am great! i just got back from a trip to the south american plate.
i like to cook but i am not good at it
no, i am single. i like to cook but not good at it
what do you do for work?
that is great, i have been traveling the world for a year
i have a dog that is my favorite food. i love to cook it.
that is great, i have two dogs, they are great.
what is your favorite food?
hi i am doing well how about you
i like all music, except country. i like country too.
i am not sure if i could do that. i don't drive, just a car.
i am sorry. i have a degree in math.
what are your hobbies?
soccer is great! i am a soccer fan too
i have a friend tay swift, she is my favourite
no, i am not. i can do it whenever i want.
i have been to iowa a few times, its a nice place to live
yes, i do. we have a couple of dogs.
my husband is a farmer. i don't know how to cook.
wow that is amazing! i bet he is a great dancer.
i don't think she does either. she is a great dog
i love my dog. he is my only dog. he is my best buddy.
me too, i love the red
thanks, i am hoping to meet a german shepherd i love.
that is cool. i am a curator at my local library.
i do. my best friend lives in my garden.
my hair is brown, but i am partially deaf so it is different.
i am a guide for the local library. i love it!
i don't dance. i have a big garden and i am all about roses.
i don't have a doctor, but i do have a big library.
no i don't. i am a part time guide
i am a museum tour guide, and i have to keep up with all the tours.
i am from a small city in the south
ohio is a great place to go. i would love to go to new york.
that is cool. i love to go exploring new parts of the city.
i love shopping! what do you do for a living?
ohio is great. i am a piano teacher there. i love to play an instrument.
do you live in the city? i love the city!
i like them too! i am actually a piano teacher.
pizza sounds good. i am going to volunteer at the homeless shelter today.
i don't play sports, i do like taking pictures
i am a teacher for kids.
that is cool i am a kindergarten teacher
no, but i am going to start soon, i am going to teach at a elementary school
i am in new york. i teach elementary school
no, but i love to go out to take pictures.
i am a female. i love photography. what do you like to photograph?
i am good. i am from a farm.
yes i do. mostly for cooking
i love social media. i like to read and do some coloring.
i would love to, but i live in the countryside.
no i don't watch much sports. i live in the farming community
i like watching and practicing
i love hockey and watching hockey. what about you?
i love to watch hockey and watch sports.
hi there! how are you?
i am a little girl but my parents don't let me choose my favorite color.
not as much as superman. i am more of a superhero.
cool! i am a little girl. i love the cloud.
no i don't i wish i had them though. do you have any superpowers?
yes i am, i am a super power user
oh no, you should be able to fly.
i am doing good. just got home from the thrift shop i volunteer at
that is cool, i like being with people
i like the way you think
that is cool. i am more into working out, but sometimes i volunteer.
i am a big fan of raffles too!
you should get in shape then. i am a wrestler
i do too. i listen to music while i workout.
thank you! i do my part by volunteering in a shelter.
i have to work, my sisters are in school
hello. i am mia. i live in alabama. where do you live?
that is a lot. i have three sisters.
i love dogs! i love to take them on walks.
that is great! i am not a big fan of the nickname.
that is awesome! what kind of icecream do you like?
my brothers are all named earl.
wow, that is impressive. i am a builder.
i am not clumsy. i am a very good at it. i design games for twitch.
that is cool. i am working on a game.
that is nice. i am a twitch streamer, so i don't watch tv.
no, i don't know who that is. i work as a construction worker.
i am a builder, i build robots
it is a great game. do you play it?
hi, i am doing great. just came in from a sky dive
yes, but i don't go to class very often. do you go to school?
i am an avid roller coaster fan. i love to ride them.
that is great, i love swimming.
oh i see, that is a shame. do you have any hobbies?
i love the water, so i moved here from germany.
oh. that is pretty boring. do you like to swim?
where are you from originally?
hi! i am great. just hanging with my two grown children. you?
i am sure he is proud of you for your dedication to your job.
no i am still in my 56 year old life
yes i have tried that. it is very relaxing and relaxing to run
i have 2 grown kids so i don't eat meat.
yes i am sure they can. what do you do?
it is my passion, but sometimes i feel like i am too old.
i just wanted to get out of the housekeeping job
i love photography too.
he does, he also likes to take photos
i love to take photos
i teach elementary school
yeah. it was nice. i love teaching kids.
no. i am a teacher. i teach kindergarten.
money can buy many things but not love, that is for sure.
i am sure you will get there.
hi, i am doing well. just drinking my favorite drink, dr pepper
that is good. i hope to be a nurse soon.
that is awesome. i have blonde hair, blue eyes, and blue. do you have any hobbies?
that is cool i like college a lot.
what is your favorite food?
i don't have kids. i work at a bar.
ok bye
i will do that, thank you
i am good. just finished my karate class. how about you?
i know, its too cold. i want to be a doctor one day
i am not a fan of hats.
i think you are funny. i like the winter too
wow that is amazing! i am a physical therapist so i have been training for that.
i am hoping to run a marathon. i have been in the gym for years.
i hope you are right. my goal is to get to the finish line.
i am not old. just a kid!
i am good how are you
my mom is a character in the movie frozen.
that is a good idea i will do that
it is a fun movie, my friends and i like to play with the snowmen
i am in the 3rd grade, what do you do?
i have never seen it but i heard it was good.
i love to sing, but i don't have any musical talent.
my parents don't allow me to do anything
hi! i am not that good, but i love traveling.
i love to travel and enjoy my time with my librarian
i am not really a reader. i love reading about the history of the world.
i have been to paris and i love it
no, i am a librarian. i love to travel and speak spanish.
english and spanish. i have traveled there before.
that is great! i hope to retire in a few years.
what are your goals? i want to retire in a few years
i am good how about yourself
what do you like to do?
i like to dress up in my ruffle sleeves, my favorite band.
oh. i don't eat meat.
i love cats. they are so cute
i am a girl with long hair and a band shirt, i love it!
that is a cool hairstyle too.
i am doing great. how are you?
country is great, i like it too.
i am a coffee fan, especially coffee from the mountain.
i don't really like cars but i am a big fan of coffee
oh no! i have never been hit by a bike, i love coffee.
yes. i am a huge fan of coffee, and i love the mountains.
that is nice, do you drink it while you do it?
hello, how are you today?
i am well, thank you! how about you?
yeah its really fun.
that is a great idea! i am going to try to program it.
no its real life, i am a robot.
that is cool. i like rock music
yes i did, i am a game designer
it is a game i am working on.
i don't work, just play my guitar.
i am a military veteran
that is cool. i was in the army.
no but i do volunteer at my local animal shelter.
that is awesome! what is your fav food
that is a good point. do you like to hunt?
oh my gosh! that is terrible!
my grandfather was in the navy
i am great! i just got done watching friday. you?
i am from california. how about you?
i have never been to an amusement park either.
i have two kids. they are the best.
i am a dr. i like to go to the park
i have a daughter. she is a kid.
she is good at playing with my daughter. i am a doctor and i work for a hospital.
that would be awesome. i will share on social media too!
yes, i do. i write my own poems. do you?
that is fun. i like music and my favorite artist is travis. what do you like?
i am sorry. i hope to have a job soon
oh wow. i am an artist
i am not good with sports. i am a dental assistant.
i went to a small one. i think i was the oldest.
i hope he likes it. my mom is a dentist and i am looking for a job.
i am. i am in florida so its nice. i live with my dogs. you?
the raptors. and i am going to florida state
i have a dog named maddie
i am so jealous. my dogs and kids are the only thing keeping me afloat.
i have a cat named jake. and a lizard named tiki.
that is a good job. i have dogs and a kid
i am in florida, where in canada?
i have 2 dogs. they don't like the beach.
i am good how are you
sure, that would be awesome! i am going mountain biking today, i like to ride.
that is interesting. i like it too. do you like to mountain bike?
i am a huge coffee drinker, so i don't drink it.
i want to be a chef, but i have no skills.
oh that is cool. i love coffee!
yes. i don't drink alcohol, but i am a huge coffee drinker
i am into biking and mountain biking. do you have any hobbies?
i am well, thanks for asking. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that. i am also lonely. i don't drink soda.
i am sorry. i don't drink soda, so i can relate.
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
well, that would be a problem for me! i would need to stop drinking.
i don't drink soda either.
cool, do you like to travel? i love going on walks.
that would be nice. i have to walk there to eat french fries.
great! just finished reading a new book on psychology. you?
i don't eat meat, i do read a lot of journals and guide to psychology
yes. it is very interesting. i am an avid reader.
i like soup too. i like it with a lot of meat.
i am a bit of a kayaker myself, i love kayaking
that is cool. i love reading about psychology
that is very noble of you. do you have any other hobbies?
i have been out for a while, i am a kayaker
i am doing great. how are you?
it is fun, but i hate the clowns
that is awesome! do you knit sweaters or jackets? i love gardening!
i don't, i grew up on a farm
i love animals, i am not picky. i like anything that can be grown
no i have not. i am not afraid of clowns
that sounds like fun. do you grow your own?
i love it too. my job is at a gas station.
hi there, i am an older guy. i don't like this
i am a gambler. what kind of work do you do?
i like to gamble. i go to casino during winter.
i don't know if you are a dog person, but i would be happy to help you out.
what is your favorite color?
i do, i also gamble in my spare time. you?
chocolate is the best. what is your favorite?
oh wow! that is a lot of miles!
me too. i am a book worm. i read about 40 a year.
that is cool. i am a huge fan of the lion king.
that is a little young.
i am a stunt double for my kids.
i was in a hospital bed. i was a stunt double.
oh wow! that is a good book
that is great! i have a lot of books to read.
i am great. i am listening to some rock music.
i am listening to rock music. you?
i have three, i have three of them.
that is awesome! i am in the city now too, in an apartment
you will be there soon enough.
do you have any other pets?
cool. do you like horses? my dad has one, he is a farmer
i am sure they like rock music too. i love it.
hi nate i live in texas
that is sad. do you have any pets?
oh that is great, i am a dog person.
i am glad you have helped. i am glad you have a dog.
i have a dog and i like him to the gym
what is your favorite food?
i am a gym goer. do you work?
yes i know i am working on it
i am great. i like chicken, what about you?
i like sushi too. i also like to eat pizza. do you work?
i like all kinds of bands. i am going to college for nursing
i am in college, and i am going to nursing school to be a nurse
no i don't have any pets
that is cool, i am going to school for nursing
i hope so! my best friend is a nurse, she helps out at a nursing home too!
just relaxing with my dog, and you?
i am watching tennis. i am a professional.
i am a tennis player and i love it!
i was good. what do you do for fun?
no. but my wife and i are always looking for volunteer opportunities.
that is nice. i enjoy my job.
i love to walk my dogs and love to go to the park with them.
yes she keeps me healthy.
hello! i am a retired insurance salesman
that is cool. what kind of car do you drive?
nice, my dog is named cow
oh okay, that is cool.
that is good. my mother is an army veteran.
i am a single mom. i have been single for years.
oh i am not either, but i am looking for something new.
i work in insurance. my dad was a soldier in the iraq war.
i am great! i am married and i am getting married next week.
that is good. i am not a fan of the sun
wow that is impressive. i don't have any kids but i have a wife.
i have a house with 3 rooms.
i am not sure really. i have never been to a tennis match.
it can be. i have been working a lot.
that sounds like fun. i am a tennis player
i am doing good, just listening to some music.
i am a christian and i love to listen to classical music.
i listen to classic music
youtube is great, but my favorite is classical music.
i have a car, i use it to get to work
oh, that is a bummer! do you like any other music?
i like the britney spears, but i don't like her singing.
i am not sure i understand. do you have a favorite food?
have fun! have a good day
i do, i am a builder
i have one cat, and one dog.
yes, i build them for a living.
wow, that is great. i love to travel, i am a builder.
i am a house builder. i build a lot of house for my family.
i bet that is a big house. my dad taught me a lot.
i am a construction worker, so i am a bit of a homebody
i have a house that i build for my kids.
hello! i have a dog too, i have a broken arm
i am sure he did. what kind of work do you do?
i like to skateboard
i like to skateboard. i broke my arm in a skiing accident.
it is fun to have a hobby.
thanks! it is going to be a long wait, i broke my arm skiing.
i am in school for skateboarding. what do you do for work?
i am rob. what do you do for a living?
yes, i am the best. i also like to wear a hat.
i am well, thanks! just got done rock climbing. you?
no, just me. my dog, trooper, and i live in colorado.
i don't have any, i am not a dog person.
he is active, yes, he is a trooper
i have not but it would be fun to try!
i love chocolate. i am a vet and am always on the lookout for chocolate dogs.
that is awesome. my lab is black, so we could use him for the meal
i am good. how are you?
i am a car salesman.
i am a car salesman, i hate it
i am going to get divorced
you have horses? i hate my job.
i love all music, what is yours?
i am not very good at this.
i like rock as well, but i am a bit of a divorce junkie.
i do. i spend most my time there.
that is good. i am working at the nursing home.
oh that is cool. i have a sister too! i work in a nursing home.
my wife left me and i spend a lot of time on facebook.
i love to play basketball, too. i spend most my time on facebook.
that is good. do you work
yes, i listen to my wife. we are on facebook a lot.
i like him too but i don't like to listen to him.
good. i just got off work from my part time job at burger king.
britney spears is good! i am just having fun with my friends.
oh that is cool! what is your hobbies?
i am 19, and i have a part time job at burger king, but i am still in college.
yes i agree. i don't eat much junk food either.
my parents keep me chubby too. they are so nice.
i am 19 and my parents don't have a starbucks nearby.
i am 19 years old. do you work?
hi there, i am a shoplifter and you?
i am in my 30s. how old are you?
yeah, i shop alot. i am in a store right now.
that is great. i am going to shop tomorrow.
i am sure that is good. what do you do for work?
i am sure you have some that are more stubborn.
i am here for shoplifting, and i am a teen. i am getting old and need help.
maybe. i hope so. i am not very good at this stuff.
i am sorry to hear that, what happened?
i am sorry to hear that. i am not a fan of nickel.
i have no idea. maybe you can just take a trip to italy.
i am a stunt double, i can do some really convincing eye contact.
you should get into it. i am in the business of stunt doubles.
it is an interesting show. i don't have much time for it. i work in a theater.
you will get there! do you have any hobbies?
i don't either.
i am great, i just got home from a hike. how are you?
well i have not talked to you for a while.
i live in alaska and you
i have been practicing it for years
i have a buddhist friend that believes in ghosts
i am ok, i am a buddhist and meditation helps me. you?
i am so sorry. do you like to talk to people?
i am not. i am a buddhist. what do you do?
i am doing great. i am a retired teacher, so i have lots of free time.
i don't, i don't like sports.
that is awesome, do you work in a library? i am retired and i like to watch documentaries
i watch documentaries about the history of the world
that sounds fun, i am retired and have time for that.
i hope so, but i am not sure
same to you.
hi! i am good. just got home from a walk.
do you have a favorite book to read?
i like the holidays, especially the birthdays.
i live in cali with my husband and 2 kids
i do! i love to take my kids to the park and read books.
i love to read, but only if its a book. my favorite is the bible
yes, a hospital. i love it, and the people there
i am a cubs fan. what do you like to do for fun?
wow, that is amazing! i hope to get to meet her someday.
i hope so too! i am a famous streamer
that sounds fun. i am working on my building a robot for my body double
i have a job designing games for a robotics company.
do you work at the restaurant?
i don't like it. it is too hard to clean
i was. i was in the news.
i don't. but i love to read.
i don't know either, it was a book.
i am 19 and i have two kids
i like to read. how about you?
i love the book that my husband and i are planning.
i want to be a journalist, i read about indian culture
i do too! i live with my husband in a pennsylvania apartment, so i can look at it too!
i love dogs. my baby boy is a puppy.
i am good how are you?
i have a job at a gas station too, i work at a gas station as a cashier.
i don't have any.
well i am a vegan so i don't eat meat. do you have any hobbies?
my mom is a vegan so i have a hard time feeling like i work.
no i have to work a lot.
my mother has been a vegan, so i am a little more tame.
i am a vegan so i have no idea what that is
i am good! just got done knitting a few blankets for my dogs. you?
i love to knit, so i have lots of yarn to make.
yes i love dancing. i have a dog and i love to bake
i like cookies. i bake a lot of them
do you bake them yourself?
i like that one too! i am a baker
i have dogs, they are the reason i love baking.
yes, i think it is, but it is not the only way to be at home.
i am great, just listening to some rascal flats. you?
i like country music. i am a country singer. you sing?
that is great! i was in school for music. what are you studying?
i would not know what to do if i did that.
yes, i am a music fan
no, i just have a large collection of music.
i do too, but i am a country singer so i don't get much money.
yes i do, it helps me to see the finer things in life.
i am good. what do you like to do?
for about 5 years. do you have a favorite band?
i love to listen to the who, you?
i like to listen to the who and eat pizza with black olives
yes i love it
i have no idea, i don't work for a supermarket.
no. i am a very serious person.
yes i do i am just not a good liar
i am good, how are you?
i don't cook, i like to cook, but i love to fish
i am a chef and love to cook!
i am a chef and i love cooking but i love fishing too
no i don't read much i love cooking
i like cooking but i like to fish too
i am a huge fan of batman.
hello rob, i am well, thanks.
i don't work, i study spanish and i work at the lab
what are you studying?
i like to read books, but also enjoy taking walks.
i have never been, is it a nice place?
what do you do for a living?
what are your favorite languages to learn?
i am not sure, but i think i am going to study it in school
i am doing well. just got home from the humane society.
it was a very creepy film, i love horror. i love horror films.
yes there are. i am not a fan. i prefer the originals.
that is interesting. my son loves noir movies.
i like horror movies.
my dad used to work for home depot, i am not a fan of it.
no but i am a huge horror movie fan
what did you do? i work with the human service
i am doing great. i just got home from work, so i am just chilling. you?
painting and taking care of my two grown children.
i like to paint and i like to fantasize of taking over the world
i am 56. do you have any hobbies?
i am a housekeeper.
i am a 56 year old woman. i am not working right now, so i have time for hobbies.
i like burgers and pizza, but my favorite thing about me is i am 56 years old.
i like playing sports, but i am not good. i am a horse racing handicapper.
that is a good idea. what else do you do for fun?
oh that sounds rough. i have a hard time getting along with my spouse
i love kids too! do you have any siblings?
i wish i could have a hairless horse
i wish i could. i just graduated high school, i have a long way to go.
nice! i like purple and lime green.
oh, you have any siblings?
i am well. i teach school.
that sounds like it would be a fun workout
i am a teacher, so i get to meet all of them.
you should try a diet. i love eating meat, especially meatloaf!
video games are fun, i love them!
yeah i love to go there and have a dog
i love to go vegan and i have a few dogs
i like dogs. they are so cute.
i am good. i just started a new job
yeah i like to eat it, do you like to eat food?
it is, but i have a new job so it is good.
i am not either but i love cooking. what kind of food do you cook?
it is. i do a lot of the cooking. i am a great cook
i work at a cancer charity and my clients need a life coach.
i am a cancer survivor, i run for my cancer.
yes, i am also a cancer survivor. do you have any kids?
hi i am great i just got my first child and i have been reading a book
i love country music too, especially when you are pregnant.
i love country. i also like to read a lot.
i have a dog, he is a pomeranian. he is great.
oh, cool. i am a stay at home mom.
what do you do for fun?
oh, i see. do you like to read?
i bet they love the water too. i love the ocean
i am a bee farmer and have never been called that.
cooking is my hobby, but i am also a farmer and i love the bees
i love fishing! i am not a big fisher but i love to fish!
i am a bee farmer, i don't have any family.
yes i do, i am a comic book fanatic
i love him too. what is your favorite animal?
sounds fun, i am a bee farmer.
i like to eat pizza, but i don't have any family that i am close to
i am great, how are you?
i am a cook, i love cooking but i also love fishing
that is cool. what is your favorite thing to cook?
i am not good at it. i do love cooking though
i like to cook. and you?
i like to cook and i am not good at it.
i am sure you will one day
i am well and you? i am a feminist, i am against social media.
that is good. i am just browsing the internet on my roof.
that is nice i am into youtube
i am a feminist, so i don't agree with trump
oh cool! what do you like to do in your free time?
that is nice of him! what is your hobbies? i am into the internet.
i am a feminist, so i donate a lot of my time to them.
i am a feminist and love to help animals.
yes. i am in great shape, i am a swim coach.
i am, i am a swim coach at the pool. what do you do?
it is a little bit of both. i like to swim, so i am kind of a weirdo.
no i don't live near water
yeah it is a great job
thanks. it is very interesting, i love it.
i am a big fan of death metal. i swim in the water.
i am not. i will not. i am not going to get hurt.
i am good. watching cooking shows.
i am from germany, but i moved here from germany. i love it here.
i love the sky diving. do you have any hobbies?
i love to watch cooking shows and sky diving.
i would love that. i have a new place to move from germany
you too. i hope we can make a good friend in germany.
i love to travel, and to sky dive.
you too. have a great night
i am doing well, thanks. i am a swim coach at a local pool.
i like all bands. what is your favorite?
i like them but i am more free spirited
i coach at a pool. i am studying to be a computer programmer. what do you do?
oh cool. i am studying computer programming.
that is good. my family is from india. we are traditional.
i am from india and i have two kids
i don't, i prefer to eat healthy
i want to be happy when i move out my parents home.
that would be awesome. do you have any hobbies?
oh, i am sorry. i hope you find someone to take care of your kids.
that is what my dad said he wants me to do
thanks! what do you do for fun?
well, that is great, i just want to have fun with my friends
what kind of paintings do you have?
i don't drink, or do drugs.
hey i am from austin texas. where are you from?
yes i did! i am a chef.
i am sorry. do you like music? i love travis scott.
i am a dental assistant, so i know all about teeth.
that is good. do you have any hobbies?
yes, but i am not sure what to do with them. do you like food?
she is my best friend and i am very protective of her.
sorry to hear that. what is your favorite band?
hi! i am doing well, just got back from a roller coaster
oh nice i just moved here from germany.
that is awesome. i just moved here from germany.
i hope you get to do that soon. i love to go rollercoaster
i am a vegan so i love animals
i love to hunt and sky dive.
i agree. do you like to sky dive? i love it.
i am a nurse. what do you do?
good morning. i am good, thanks! how are you?
i love horses and animals. what do you do?
do you like it there?
nice i am studying spanish
that is cool. i am learning spanish.
it means that the owner of the store is named taco.
i am a musician. i play guitar.
i am doing great. i am enjoying some winter food and ice cream.
i am 32. i love the winter, but hate the cold.
i have two cats and a dog.
i have a few cats, i like them
i like to go skiing and snowboarding. you?
i have never done that, is it fun?
i work in a candy store
i am not a big fan of it, but i like it
i am, thank you. i am having a great evening, you?
sunny and pretty cool. i live in italy.
i don't. i don't have any family.
yeah, it makes me feel claustrophobic, i have no family that i am close to
i am from italy, but my parents are from ireland and australia
i have been to italy a few times, i am a bee farmer there.
i work in a farm
i am sorry to hear that. i don't have a dog or cat.
i do, i am a party animal. i volunteer at the food bank.
no, they are nice people. they don't push me to go to the circus.
you can find a guy at the food bank
that is good to hear. do you have any pets?
that is cool! i have a dog and cat
i would be too if i was a dog and cat
i am going to the grocery store.
i am great. just got done working as a plumber. how are you?
i am a plumber and i can help you
i am sorry to hear that, i love chocolate ice cream, it is my favorite.
i like to watch them play with my three kids. they are so cute.
i am a plumber, i am all about the wine and family.
i will, i will be able to spend a lot more with the kids.
i have three kids and i have a wife that is a plumber
i am going to try to make it a good one
i am from pennsylvania, where are you from?
i enjoy cooking too, but i am a bit of a reader
i like documentaries. i have been pregnant for a few years now.
ll, i am pregnant so i don't like to swim either
what kind of work do you do
i don't but i am getting some good news
thanks, i hope so to!
a new one, i am a teacher
i am doing great! how are you?
congratulations, what kind of house are you looking for?
thank you. i am very proud. i hope to teach kids in elementary school.
that is a lot. i am a cancer survivor so my bank account is not very big.
i am a vegan and eat a lot of meat.
i am not very athletic. my parents are both very athletic.
oh. do you like sports?
hey, hows it going?
i am a waitress, but i am looking to open my own restaurant
i work at a taco place, i like tacos too. what do you do for a living?
yes i do, do you have a favorite animal?
yes. i am not fond of the cold. i live in the south.
oh, i see. you wear helmets? i like wearing mine
i am a bit of a sports nut. i like watching football and tacos
no i don't agree. i like the color red
i do but i like football more
i am a comedian. what about you?
i do like my coffee too
i love it too, especially poetry.
i don't watch much tv.
what else do you like?
i do it for a living
i hope it is. i just got done working as a cashier.
sorry to hear. i am a manager at a grocery store.
oh no!! i hope you feel better.
no, she is a good friend of mine. i have met her many times
wow!! i have a couple girls and a boy
thanks. i will. i am not a big fan of waiting for everything
i feel good. i am going to be a manager at a store in the future.
thanks, but i am a little tired. how are you?
i am sorry to hear that, i am a very pretty woman.
i think i will. i am going to drive my nissan pathfinder to the store.
no, i don't. i am not very into music.
a mustang. i love the look of them.
nice. i like watching movies in the night
i remember when nobody had a tv
that sounds like a lot of fun
i am also very strong for my age. i can move forever, even with no tv!
i am sure you are right. i am a bit old, i have been drinking wine.
do you like to dance?
i am great. just came in from dance class. how about you?
yes, i would love to be able to teach you. what do you like?
that is great! i was a little kid so i have never tried one.
i was born in the early 80s and my favorite food is hamburger
i am a dancer. you dance or play or do other stuff?
what do you do for work?
i love rock too, i am a big fan of the 80s
i am good. i am a dancer. what do you do?
oh wow... i am a cook. i make a great chicken soup.
i am a ballerina.
yes, i have two siblings.
i have been there before but i don't want to
he is pretty good. he is my best friend
i am a waitress at a restaurant
i love dancing, i am in a dance group.
hello. i love to go to the gym.
yes, that is why i am a dealer.
i have a gym membership so i can do that too
i live in california. what about you?
that is nice i go to the gym for exercise
me too. especially when i go to the gym.
i love gambling, but i spend a lot of time watching tv.
what do you do for work?
great, just finished practicing my guitar! you?
it is fun, but it gets old.
i love to sing country songs.
i have always wanted to see her perform.
i bet it is. i am a country music singer
i love movies too, but i like to play the guitar.
well, i am a musician, and i love country music, and i am a father.
i don't play any, i am too busy with gymnastics.
wow that is cool i love that game
i am a robot too. i am an olympic medalist.
i don't know what that is
i like to eat food that is not gmo, and i eat a lot of it.
i am more of a gymnast than a gold medalist
no i am a gymnast
people are people. i like to play sports, i am an olympian
congratulations. i will be graduating soon.
i have been trying to get into that but i am a vegetarian
its a little thing that you add to your sandwiches, i think.
it is a lot of fun.
for a few years, but it has gotten old.
sounds great. i am going to be in the movie theater tonight
i would not know. i am a stinky, messy, gross, and ugly guy.
yes. i would have to be a stunt double.
its pretty good. i have a lot of friends and i am the youngest.
i like to sing the songs from the movie frozen
wow, that is a big family.
i like to sing in the park. it is a great place to do that.
i like to go and watch them with my friends
yes, i love my parents and my dog.
that is a fun movie, my friends like it too.
no but i am a painter
i am not sure i understand you... what do you do for work?
yeah i would love to go
i like to take my kids to the park.
i have not yet. maybe one day. i like being a home keeper
i am not sure i could do that while i am 56
i would like to visit france. i have been to paris a few times.
i am good. how are you?
cool! i just got back from a long haul trip.
i love horror movies. i am also a christian
yes, its very relaxing. what kind of music do you like?
i bet. what do you like to do in your free time?
i am. i have a car and i can drive it to the store. you?
that is nice. i am not a believer. i am a christian
i am a carpenter, so i am kind of a handy man too.
great! i just got back from a shipyard volunteering with my buddies. you?
i don't play, but i do donate to the navy
they don't, they are so cute though
that is fun too. i love to volunteer with the local bunny rescue.
that is great i am a volunteer in a local animal shelter.
i love chocolate! i have to donate a part of it to the local shelter.
yes, i was. i am a navy seal now. you?
i am sorry to hear that, do you like italian food? i like italian food.
i am good, how are you?
i am doing the same
i grow herbs and vegetables, and sometimes i get them mixed up
oh really? what is it? i would like to work at the gas station
about 10 years, but it is a great job
yes, i do. i work at a gas station as a cashier, but i don't like to cook.
i was adopted at a young age and it was hard to cope
it is, but i am glad i don't have to worry about it.
i like classical music, it is my favorite!
i like to go to church and listen to music. what do you like to do?
she does. she dances for a living, and loves classical.
i am a police officer. i am not much of a fan.
i am a christian, i am a very strong christian.
i would not want to jump on you!
i have a brother that is a preacher. we are both catholic.
i would quit too if i had no family or friends.
i am an old woman, but i love to listen to my buddhist meditate on the beach
oh wow! that is so cool. do you have a favorite tv show?
i love blue too, especially with my buddhist faith
i am not a pill person. i don't like pills.
that is not good, i am sorry
it is peaceful, peaceful. i love the peace. i am a buddhist.
i am an accountant, but i have been thinking about starting a meditation retreat
i work for a buddhist organization.
no but i do collect hats and have over 1000 of them.
i do, i have over 2000 of them.
oh, i bet. i have two cats, and they keep me warm.
it is hard for me to keep a job. i have a huge hat collection.
i know i know. i have to run off my hat collection.
yes! i love to work with hats.
its okay, i have over 1000 hats, i need to keep myself busy.
i like to run and play sports.
no. i don't have any money to pay for one.
that is sad. i am sorry. i am sure she is very supportive.
i am a teacher, my job is to teach elementary school
i like taking pictures of my students. i take photos for my job.
i would love to see a photo of that.
yes it is! we will be moving into an apartment soon.
yes. i am a teacher and i love it.
i am sure i could. i am a teacher.
i am great. just got back from a long trip.
i have a boat that i use to travel
i am sure they would love it. i have been traveling the world.
i like to watch that. i like cooking too.
i am not a big cook but i love to cook.
i am in cali too!
it is very fun. do you like cooking?
well i have a boat that i rent out when i am not using it
i am great! i just got back from a long haul trip to ohio. how are you?
i am not a fan of that place, but i love to shop.
i bet. i have never been out of ohio
i am in a local store, i don't like traveling.
that is cool, i don't have any pets but i love cats!
that is cool. my cat is named spooky.
i have never been to ohio but i have heard its a lovely state.
it is very delicious. i am in ohio.
hi! my parents taught me how to be a good survivor
i love to go kayaking with my dad.
i am a student. i am in a graduate class.
i am a graduate student right now. what about you?
i am a student. i want to be a teacher
i like the old movies. i also love hiking, which is what my parents taught me.
well i am a graduate student, so i am really passionate about it all.
that sounds fun. i like to go kayaking
i am doing good, how about yourself?
nice i am drinking a chocolate bar
i play a lot of ping pong, but i really love chocolate bars.
i like to go out on the mountain bike too.
i like the current too. i also love to play ping pong
i like the color blue. what is yours?
i speak chinese, i wish i knew english.
no, i just learned it from my father. he is an electrician.
hi i love to socialize and watch tv
i love to go to the gym and socialize, but i am not a good socializer.
i like hiking, but i don't like the gym. too much tv
i work at the gym.
i drive a chevy bolt.
that is cool. do you have a favorite color? mine is green
i am not sure, i don't go there much anymore, too busy.
i have been rowing a lot lately. i have a new job, i work from home
sure! i am in new hampshire, where are you from?
i have a couple of dogs, they are a lot of fun
i don't, do you?
that is a great name! i have a couple of dogs
i love listening to country.
i agree!! he is a good dog!
i love country music.
i know, but it is what it is.
i work at the company i own
i like music, i play the violin
i am a male and i work in the medical field in it
i have a lot of kids. my husband is working for the government
no i am a stay at home mom and i love to take care of my kids.
yes, i am sure you are right. i am not going to share mine with you
i like that band! do you work?
no. i have been to florida. it is a great place to go.
i am katie and i am a librarian
nice! i have never been there, but have heard great things.
i am a librarian. i work in a school as well.
i do. i like all kinds of music. what do you teach?
i am a big fan. i also love traveling to other countries
i have a lot of kids. i would like kids someday.
i am from the united states. i am a librarian. what about you?
i love them. what do you do for a living?
i like the original and the conjuring
nice! i have never seen it.
i am a farmer. i raise cattle.
i am a senior in high school
i am sure he will. do you have any hobbies?
i hope so too, i have been raising him on a farm
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
hi, i am a major in college. i love to eat paella.
oh, i love traveling. i go to europe once a year, and i love it.
i like to cook paella and fish and chips, but fish is my weakness.
that is not healthy. i love to eat fish and chips. i have a weakness for them
i like fish and chips.
i am a history major, i go to a college that teaches that
i like to cook paella, fish and chips are my weakness.
i am good. just came back from shopping.
i work at a shop, but my mom is coming to visit me tomorrow.
i am in a group of 5, so i am not too busy.
shop stealing, i shop for clothes
i would love to work with computers.
i don't think that i would like it that much.
i love pasta. i like it with lots of meatballs.
i have two children. they are young but they don't visit.
i am a painter. my wife and i enjoy painting pictures of the world.
i used to be a painter before i got divorced
i used to play basketball, but now i am a housekeeper
my kids and my husband don't want to.
do you like to paint
you are still an amateur?
not at all. i would love to take over the world someday.
hi, i am good. just listening to some rap music. you?
nice! what are you working out for? i like to workout.
i am a music production artist.
i will try, but i don't know how to make a website. i use the app.
nice! i love to eat pizza!
i am not sure. i will ask her.
ll i am a little too tall for that
you will be happier when you lose weight.
oh i am sorry, i am not familiar.
oh, sorry to hear that. i bet you are very proud
nice, i am a waitress, so i am trying to get some extra income
i have a big brown eye that matches my motor bike helmet
cool! i like to watch movies and stuffs
i enjoy it. i get to see the world and people all day.
i have a motorcycle, and i use it to supplement my income
yeah. what do you do for fun?
i am good, just watching some tv.
i have never gone, do you have any hobbies?
that is cool. what do you like to listen to?
i am into country music, i love country. i am also a country fan.
i have a donut and a cupcake, but they are both old
sure. i like them.
sounds fun! what is larp? i have never heard of it
hi i am doing great how are you?
i am very lucky to have them all.
yes i do. i don't have one.
i am very healthy, but i have been feeling a little sluggish.
i am too! i have great grandchildren, my grandchildren are amazing!
i like to go to the park and play with my grandchildren. how about you?
i have never been to wine country.
i am a very old soul
hi, i am well and you?
i am sorry. that is hard. i am single and have two dogs.
what are your thoughts on dogs?
i am single and with two dogs. do you like dogs?
huskies are so cute. i have a husky, his name is bubble.
oh really? do they like to be carried?
i have two dogs, do you have a dog?
i am sorry you are sad.
good, just got done with high school
i would love to. i am not a big fan of fast food though.
you will move out when you get older
i am a straight a student
that is good, my mom is in highschool
what else do you enjoy?
oh i see. i like music, but not my job.
lol. what do you do for fun
i love sports, and i am a male.
i love tea! i drink it while working in it.
no i am not really into reading
i have read it. it is a good book.
christmas is a great holiday. i love christmas.
halloween movies are fun! my favorite movie is probably the last of the mohicans
what do you do for a living?
yes i do i have a dog
i have 2 brothers, and 3 sisters.
oh wow! i have a dog named bob.
i have to work at the zoo. i am a pet owner
i am sorry, you are not alone, i have a brother.
i love chocolate ice cream!
i am a girl, i am not sweet, i like tacos.
i like dogs and cats and dogs and cats
i am good thanks. just finished my shift at the army
i live in the south, but i am from the army.
i am going to be a pilot.
i am not a pro. i am just a soldier.
you should try. it is very fun.
absolutely, i would be scared if i had to leave my house
thank you. my grandfather was in the military, so it is something i do.
i would love to. my grandfather was in the ww.
i am good. just listening to some music. you?
i am getting ready to go to work. what do you do?
yes i love country music and guitar
i have a pink guitar, i love it. what is your favorite color?
you should try, it might help you feel more normal.
i work in a warehouse. what do you do?
yeah, i have been to every state except alaska and i have never been to alaska
yeah, i grew up in the industry.
hi there, i am doing well, and you?
i am only 26 years of age and i am a kid
i was always on my phone when i was growing up
i like to read, and eat a lot of meat.
i like wine too. i am a stunt double for a movie
no i don't dance but i am a good dancer
i agree. i love reading, so it is a good escape.
i am sure you are great too.
i am taking a break from singing songs.
what do you do for a living?
yes i love him, what is your favorite color?
he is a good kid. i have been to disney world every year.
do you have any pets?
i would like to be a singer.
i like it too. it is my favorite place to play
it is a good time, and i like it
hello, how are you today? i am well.
i am a robot and work for myself. what do you do?
yeah, i like to watch it, what about you?
oh cool! do you like animals?
that sounds fun. do you like water? i have an allergy to it.
i love it too, but my job keeps me busy
i also love to watch twitch.
i like to watch a lot of tv
i am josh and my name is josh
i teach, and you?
that is interesting. i am a teacher
i am married to my step child.
wow. i just moved here from the states.
i love to travel too. i just moved here last month.
i love spain, i moved here for work.
i love orange. i love it so much!
i have never been told that before. i am an 18 year old girl.
they are pretty small, but they look pretty cool.
i bet he was cute. i love fish. i am going to go feed them.
i am ok, but my girlfriend is not. i have been with her for 2 years now.
i don't think you do, you don't even know me.
haha, well i was young and i did not want a fish anyway.
no i am not. i am a stay at home mom.
why did you break up?
i don't like it either, but it is a career, and i am a vet
i love role playing and watching anime.
i am sure it is, i love to role play
i don't. i am not very social. i am always at work.
i am not sure. i am not very familiar with him.
a lab. do you like animals?
i am good, how are you?
i love singing to the tune of my favorite movie, frozen.
i am in the 4th grade, i like singing songs from the movie frozen
oh, i am in the third grade, so i am a little kid myself.
you are welcome! i have never been to disney world but it is on my list!
i love singing songs from the movie frozen. how about you?
i am not much of a movie person
i have seen that one. it was a fun movie to watch.
i am a construction worker.
i am a builder, but my cats are my family!
i am also a teacher. i am a construction worker.
yes i have 5 cats. they are my best friends
yes, they keep my attention busy too. i love to read and watch netflix
no, i have not been married. i have 5 cats and i love them.
that is a good thing to think about.
i don't know. i am sorry.
i am good. just relaxing on the yacht.
i am an accountant.
that is good, i am not very good at it, but it is fun.
i love the ocean, and my yacht
i love animals. i am a zookeeper and love to cook.
i am 23. i have been married for a year.
do you have any hobbies? i enjoy cooking and i am good at it
i am sure that is a good thing. what else do you do for fun?
hi i love to travel i go to a few places around ohio
i love pizza! i have a craving for a cookie right now!
i would like to see who as well
i have a job in a bakery, so i can save money.
no. i don't want to die.
knitting and baking! i am obsessed with it.
i don't work but i am in a bakery. i love to bake.
i am scared to die
hello. i am in high school.
no, but i have a son. i am a stay at home dad.
no i am not. i like to be with my son
i hope he does not have to grow up like me.
me too. i love to go to the movies
yeah i hope so too. he is in high school now.
i am a stay at home dad so i don't have much of a choice
i am doing well thank you, how are you?
that sounds like a great goal. i just bought a home.
no, just some supplements. i am still trying to get used to it.
i am a bank teller. i am hoping for twins in a month.
i am sure you would love to have more then 12 kids.
that is a good outlook to have.
i am a bank teller, so i have a lot of it.
that sounds like fun. i am a bank employee.
i like to walk my dog, and i am a tennis player. you?
my family is always growing. my wife and i love gardening.
i don't have any siblings
that is great. i am a pro tennis player.
i am a pro tennis player. i make a decent amount of money
oh i am sorry to hear that. i am sure they miss you.
it is not? i am a professional tennis player. i make a good salary
i am doing well. how about yourself?
i am ok. i just need to stop being a alcoholic and live a normal life
i have not been on a pill since high school
i have to take them to keep me sane
yeah, i have been a recovering alcoholic for a long time. you?
i grew up on the farm. what about you?
i like going out with my friends
i love cars, i like music.
i am doing well, just got home from school.
that is cool. i am just a student.
i do, but i am expecting triplets soon.
yes it is, but its still so much fun
i just got a house and i am excited to move in!
that sounds interesting. i have a kid and a couple of pets
my kids love hummus too.
i am great. how are you?
i do, i have two
i love spiders and i love comics.
i love grey. do you have a job?
i don't like nascar. i prefer cooking and eating.
i work at a restaurant that is on the water.
i am a chef, i love eating too!
no i am only 22
hi, kim here, i am a gold medalist olympic medalist
i am in gymnastics.
lol. i am fat, and i am a gold medalist.
yeah, i am a gold medalist.
oh no! i hope you can find someone to go with you.
that is a good idea, maybe i should do that.
i love italian food and garlic bread. i am also an olympic medalist.
well, i like going to church, and i am a teacher, what about you?
i am a female and i am in the same boat. i am a teacher.
that sounds like fun, i am in church every sunday
lol, i am a girl too! i have a few shirts with band logos on them.
yes! i have long hair, but i don't know if that is weird.
i am sure you are. do you go to church?
i love to walk too, i love the church. i am a school teacher.
i have a friend named james who was born like that.
oh wow. i am a recovering alcoholic.
i have never had a girl.
oh my! i am sorry. i am on some medications that make me see things.
that is cool, i live on a farm, i grew up on a small one.
that is great! you can also make burgers into other items.
oh, okay. what kind of power does he have?
i like to take medications and see things
i am doing great, i love coffee. how are you?
oh that sounds like fun. i am just hanging with my family
i am not into coffee, but i do love to drink it
i am not a big fan of chocolate.
i love the color pink, and i like to drink it
i love to drink coffee. i don't drink it though.
my mom does not like me drinking, but i love to mountain bike. you?
oh, i am so sorry to hear that.
i am good, just playing my guitar. how are you?
i have a job as a custodian.
i play guitar. i am a musician and hope to make it big.
i wish my parents would support me. my parents don't care about it.
i have a piano and guitar. i hope to make it big.
wow that is crazy. i am sure you are a very strong woman
i love my kids, they are so important to me.
i like to play the piano and guitar
i am in 3rd grade, i love disney. how about you?
i love the beach! i have never been but i want to go soon
the frozen one! it was the best. you ever seen it?
i love all the little ones. they are so cute.
i like all music. i sing songs from frozen.
i am a junior in high school. you like movies?
i am in 3rd grade, do you have any children?
i hope i can sing in a musical!
it is going great. i just got off work.
i love watching sports. do you like any?
i work in it. i have been there for 15 years. i love it.
i like being outside, i love florida, i have lived in it my whole life.
i like sports and my dogs and i work for a company in florida
sure, i will take my dogs and i will take my kids
it is great here in florida, i have never been there before
i love the cold. i am in the south. where are you?
i am doing well, just got back from a food tasting
i am a cook, so i love to cook.
i am in japan too! i love the food here, and i love food too
nice, i own a yacht that i am not very good at.
triplets?! i am a single mom, so triplets is
i am a student. i am not very good at it.
i love to cook but i am not very good at it.
it is going great. i am jamming to some insane clown posse. you?
i am from california. i don't know if i would call myself a californian
do you like music? i like insane clown posse.
what kind of games? i like playing with my friends.
i love the outdoors. i love to play games.
i love playing with my dog
i do a lot of live action role playing.
hi there. how many hats do you have?
i am not sure really, she was very unproductive and always on facebook
wow. i have not heard of them. i don't like god.
i love the cold and snow, but i am a little overweight and unhappy.
i don't know if it is because of all the ice but its really cold.
that is good. i don't like being so cozied.
i have a couple of cats myself. i love them
oh, that is cute! my wife left me and my kids
i like to be with my aunt
i love rap music. i was forced to get married to my aunt.
i was born in somalia, and my family moved to the us when i was a kid.
yes. they love to be in the rain. i have to bring them back inside
i would not mind that. i am in the states and have been here for a while.
yes i am, i was born there.
thank you. what do you do?
my mom and aunt came to america to escape when i was in the navy.
i am well, how are you?
i like facebook too.
i work at a vet office. what about you?
i am a vet. it is a lot of fun, i love it.
i am too, but i love my job
i am sorry to hear that.
well i like to role play, but it is hard to do so from home
what about you? what are your hobbies?
hi i am doing good. how is yours?
i am 19. i am still in school.
do you work or are you just taking a break?
i like to play with my friends. i have no real favorite.
lol. do you like to eat meat? i don't eat anything but my friends do.
i like to go out to the bars and party.
i work at a burger king.
oh wow i am sorry to hear that. i love the movie.
hi, i love to bake and i like to bake cookies.
no, it is a charity event. i am trying to get some of my knitting cash going.
i understand. do you like baking? i love it.
i am more into baking. i love to bake.
do you like to bake? i am obsessed with it.
i bet! i love to bake, i am a great baker.
what kind of car do you drive?
yep, i understand that. do you have any pets?
i am doing well! just got home from work in alabama!
i am a coffee drinker myself, my three sisters and i love it
margaritas are great. my brothers like to eat them.
that is cool i love tacos too, and i like dogs too
i don't have a bike, i live with my sisters.
i would if i could afford it.
you are not sure if you are a dog lover or not.
coffee is good. i am a coffee addict
its good. just got home from work.
i work with the music industry.
i am a single dad and have a studio.
i live in the midwest.
it is very nice here.
i think i would just quit and go home. i don't need all this work.
yes, it is. i live there but it is dead last year.
it is not, but i love being inside.
hello i am doing good how are you
that sounds like a lot of fun. do you have any hobbies?
i like to drink it but only when its a cup full.
i am the oldest, i am also a huge coffee drinker
yes i like reading and watching movies. i don't drink though
what kind of music do you listen to?
that is good. i don't want any kids. i am a big coffee fan.
i like coffee. my favorite drink is pink. i like to drink it
no, i am an old country woman.
what are their names?
no. he wrote the first two films. i am sure he is happy to have worked on the road.
i like country. do you have any hobbies?
i love music. i sing country songs
what is an omnivore?
i am sure you will find a way. i just started singing country songs.
i love it. i have a garden in my back yard.
i am a retired gym teacher. i love to watch movies.
i would like to volunteer in my retirement
yes i agree, i am a teacher now
i would rather eat cheeseburgers.
i like to watch documentaries about cheeseburgers, what about you?
i do, they like cheeseburgers and i like cheeseburgers too!
i am sorry. i am a very poor child.
i am a retired teacher, what is your real life?
i am good. i live in a big city in california
yes. i have to wear my red scratcher.
with my allergy to water and my love of gaming.
i am sorry to hear that. i have an allergy to water, but i love to ski.
a little over 2 years. i also designed some of the graphics and animations.
yeah, i work on the building.
that would be cool, it is hard to get into a robot.
starcraft. i have a job building computers for twitch. you?
i am well. just got done working out.
i like doing that as well. what are your hobbies?
i am a bit of a cook and i love cooking
my hair is black, and i don't really like the treadmill.
summer is the best time to be!
i love them too. they are the best.
i don't think i would be very good at that
i don't dance, i am a gym rat
i am doing well, thanks. how about yourself?
i am a big fan of the band insane clown posse.
i love the ford models! i have a ford f 150
i am trying to figure out a way to get healthier.
i love to play video games on the weekend.
i am sure i have it lying around somewhere.
i am a comedian, i have a role playing event every weekend
it is fun, but not as much fun as a game of ford.
wow! that must have been fun. what do you do for work now?
what is your favorite color?
i love that place
yes. i would like to be a doctor someday. i have a great career.
sure! i will even bring my daughter with me!
oh that is so cool! i would like that
i will put in a million dollar donation. i will donate to your charity.
i would be rich if i was a millionaire. but i am not.
hi, i like to go to the mountains. what about you?
i live in colorado so i have to get up early to get out in the sun.
i am a mechanical engineer. i love the colorado spring.
that is awesome. do you do any physical activity?
i have never seen one, i am a lab technician.
what do you do for a living?
i don't. i am an engineer for my job.
i am a math nerd, what is your favorite math?
hello, i live on a farm and i love horses, you?
i grew up on a farm so we have a lot of horses
i work at a horse ranch. i want to become a lawyer.
i am a horse racing trainer. i love horses.
i bet it is. i hope you don't get hurt.
that makes sense, i am a horse owner.
i like to ride horses, but my dream is to be a lawyer.
yes, it is. i am sure you will do fine.
i am good and you?
i am sorry. i am glad i am not you, because i am not very close to anyone.
i have no siblings so i have to do it alone
my hair is red as well
oh, wow. i have red hair that comes to my waist.
i am glad you got yours
do you have many friends?
i am a girl who loves to play pobox.
i am doing well. how about you?
i understand that. i am a 56 year old woman.
yes, i am sure that is the case
yes. but my wife and i have a nice life.
what do you do? i used to be a painter, but now i am a housekeeper.
that is great, i used to be a painter
that sounds interesting! what do you do?
i would love to buy one. i would like to paint houses for a living.
i am coming from cali.
that is awesome. i am in cali now
i like to cook and make hummus. i love making brownies.
i have never sky dived. i am more of a shopping cart manager
i am sorry. i am also a store manager. do you like to swim?
i have never had a renegade, but i have seen some on the road.
i am not a cook. i am a manager.
all kinds. i also work at a convenience store.
i will be here waiting for you
yes it will. you can always do something to help.
that is awesome, i teach elementary school
my boyfriend and i moved in together last week
i like black but i prefer red and silver.
i am not sure yet. i want to find a place that allows pets.
i am in a rural area
i hope so, it is a great place to live!
i am doing great, just got done watching my favorite movie, friday
no i just watched some movies
oh that is nice. i am looking for a new job
i am looking for a job, so i can help people
no, i am an office assistant. i am hoping to find a job as a doctor.
i am a doctor. i work at the same place.
i like to ride my bike too. i have a red bike as well
i am sure it is reliable. i use it to test new products.
good. just got off of work, i was a little hungry.
i am a big fan of classical music.
what is your favorite color?
i like all colors. but red is my favorite
i love to play. i am a electrician, so i play a lot of pong.
that sounds like a good idea!
that is too bad, i love chocolate.
i agree. we are not going to be a superpower any time soon.
hey, how are you today?
that is good i like mexican food too
i like all of those sports but not nascar. i am more into shopping and watches
oh nice. i love the rolling stones.
i have. but i have to shop for everything.
i understand. do you like shopping?
why did you cry?
i have not found anything good lately.
hello, i am doing well, just got back from work. what do you do for fun?
that is great. i have a dog named bob
i am a record engineer for a company in california.
that is nice, i live in california.
that sounds like fun!
i am a big music fan. do you like to listen to music
i am a single father and have a wife and two kids.
yes they live together.
i am great, how are you doing?
i like music too. i like to read and journal.
i like to read a lot, and kayaking is one of my favorite hobbies.
that is great, do you have any pets?
yes it is i walk them around. i am a bit of a wild child
yeah. i love it. its so hard though.
i am going to kayak in the summer
i am good, just watching some basketball
i am not a big fan of dancing
i like hip hop. my mom likes the old school ones.
i like the 80s and 90s as well.
i love those too! do you like to play? i do.
i was a teen, i had to get it removed.
yes, they will be
good. i am eating shawarma, my favorite food!
that is nice. do you have any hobbies?
i like to eat shawarmas and watch movies.
that sucks! my grandfather was in ww1
wow! i am a student at the university of canada. what did you study?
i like to go to canada
it sure is. what do you do?
i would love to but my grandfather is not around right now.
i am great, i was a painter, now i work as a housekeeper.
i am a 56 year old woman
oh that is great. i am a housekeeper, and i help people
i don't have time for documentaries, my husband works as a housekeeper.
i love cheeseburgers! i also like to take over the world.
i have two grown children who have never been to the gym.
that sounds good. i don't eat a lot of meat.
i love bacon. do you like to cook? i like to take over the world.
i am a retired teacher who lives with his wife and kid.
yes i am married and have a couple of kids
i don't sing, but i like watching documentaries about the war.
that is nice. my job at the gym is to watch old war documentaries.
i am sorry to hear that. do you have any pets?
i don't know what i would do without my wife
that is good! i hope he is a great partner for my wife!
i am good. i am just listening to some rock music.
i am sorry. my father is a farmer. i help out on his farm.
do you want to take me on a ride?
no kids yet but i do have a farm. you?
what is your favorite fruit?
i like all music, especially rock. i like country and pop too
i don't have a favorite. i am all about the rock and roll.
what are your hobbies?
i am doing good. how about you?
i have been doing it for years. what do you do?
thanks! do you have any hobbies?
i have been to italy and france.
i have been trying to learn to cook but not very good.
i am really good at it
i own a small business that i am not very good at.
yeah it is but i am still learning.
my mother is not a big fan of sports, she is a dog person.
i don't. i work in it and have been in a lot of different jobs.
no, i have been here for years now. i am a stay at home dad
i agree. do you have any children?
i like swimming in it too, it is a great place to exercise
he is a year old and i have been working at the same company for 15 years.
i don't have kids but have two dogs.
i don't like clothes but i have been at the same company for 15 years
i have a couple of kids.
just going to the beach, you?
i have a cat and fish
i am in college, i just turned 18 and i am going to be a lawyer
i am a biology major at umass
i like going hiking in the morning.
i like the olympics too but i am a huge fan of the sunset
do you like to hike?
oh, i am more of a outdoorsy person. i like to go hiking.
i am a feminist so i am into social media and political activism
i have a big following. it is mostly social media
yes, i have a few of them. they are the ones who are always giving me social media.
i am a feminist, so i like social media too.
i don't like her.
i am a feminist. so i know what you mean.
i don't like to buy organic food
what is your favorite food?
i don't have a recipe, but i am sure you could do it.
i am a store manager, i am also short and brown.
i like to eat hummus too, it is good for the soul.
my hair is short brown, but i am a nissan
i have not traveled much since i moved to america. do you travel?
that is a shame. do you speak other languages?
i don't know who that is. i am an employee.
great! how about you?
oh that is cool. i am a mechanic, i fix cars.
that is good. do you like to travel?
i like the colorado mountains, they are beautiful.
i like to go rock climbing in the spring.
i think so too. i am a mechanic.
mine too! what do you do for fun?
that is so sweet. i love animals
i am doing great, just got out of a dance.
i live in new york. where are you from?
i am a dancer. i escaped when i was a teenager
that is great. my mom is a teacher too
oh, i am sure you will have lots of fun
i am in my 20s and i would like to go back to college.
i dance. i love dancing
no i am still a baby but my mom helps me out when she can.
i am great. just got home from a dance competition i participated in. you?
i have cancer too! i went to school for chem but now work in a bookstore
that is wonderful. i am a college student and work at a bookstore
i don't work, i work at a bookstore
i sure will, i hope you are having a good weekend too
i don't have a favorite. i like all colors. i dance on the weekends.
yes. i have been using my phone to watch movies on netflix.
i am doing great. i just got done reading a book about psychology.
that is fun. i am reading about psychology. i am a graduate student
i am a graduate student, i am a student.
that is great! what are you doing there?
wow, i am still learning. i am still studying to be a vet.
i have a couple of dogs, they are great for the environment
that sounds delicious! i love to read
i am anna. what is your name?
my dream is to take over the world, i have two kids who would love that.
i am a bit of a fashionista, i love shoes. do you?
i have two grown kids that never visit.
what do you do for fun?
i hope so too. i have two of them. i am the oldest.
yes i have 2 grown children
i like to go to the beach, and i have a few children that i don't visit often
hi. i am great, how about you?
my son is a prodigy too
i am a full time dad, so i don't have much time for hobbies.
i am a vet. my son is in junior high.
i like to read and cook. what about you?
i am more of a horror guy.
i don't have any kids. i have a son.
i am from cali, how about you?
hi i am good how are you?
i love paella. what is it?
i am employed with the postal service.
oh that is cool, i have a dog. i named him barnaby
i am a big nascar fan.
it is fun, but i would rather be working with the postal service.
wow! that sounds fun!
i am going to be busy tomorrow as well, i am a postal worker.
i am doing great, i am just watching my favorite movie. how are you?
nice. i am a bit old and i love wine and dancing
that is awesome! i love the moonlight!
wow, that is so cool. i wish i could be rich.
i live in new york. i love to dance and drink wine
i hope to be a famous dance dancer someday. i am strong.
i don't, but i have been there. i love it.
i am from cali.
i am hoping to have my first kid in june. i am still a student though.
i am a musician, and i am learning french.
that sounds fun. do you have any pets?
i am in school to study languages.
that is so cute. i am a musician. i play guitar.
i am not sure what i want to do with my life after i graduate
i am doing well. just finished up a delicious diner
i work at the restaurant i am a waitress
what are your hobbies?
yeah but i am still able to work.
wow. i bet you have a great house
i have a motorcycle that is a harley
that is nice. my motor bike is red and blue.
i love chevles. they are the best car ever.
i am doing good, how about you?
ohio is beautiful! i have never been there.
i was a soldier for a long time. i am in the army now.
i have a dog, his name is spooky.
i like anything with meat on it.
yes it is! my grandfather was stationed in hawaii during wwii
i would love to see them. i would like to see them live
i am sorry to hear that. do you like the band?
yes, i am samantha. i am retired. how about you?
oh. what do you do?
no, its just a helmet.
i like the outdoors. i don't have much time to do that.
i was retired for a year. i mowing the lawn in my spare time.
i would be interested in riding motorcycles. what kind do you ride?
i love the weather here. it makes me go to the casino.
cairo is a good one, i have been a gambler for a few years.
i am doing great! just finished up my shift at the ship yard.
that is awesome, i love the skate park!
sorry to hear that. i am a shipyard worker and i volunteer a lot
i am a military veteran, i volunteer in a charity
i don't go to malls. i volunteer at animal shelters.
that would be great. you can come with me when you come
thanks, you too. have a good one.
i am going to volunteer with a local animal shelter.
i am doing well, just got back from a run. how are you?
i try to. i try to stay fit by running
i don't like sports but i do enjoy cooking
oh. i like to run and go to the movies.
that is okay, i don't have any siblings either.
what kind of music do you like?
he is called mike and he is a pug.
he is a rescue dog. he has been with me for 8 years.
i am from the south but i travel all across the usa
that is cool i am from the south, but my cats are my life
that is cool. i have a cat named sam. i love his name.
no pets either, but i have 5 cats, so i have a special relationship with them.
i love my five cats. i have five of them!
no but my dad taught me everything he knows. i am a chef!
i would like to learn. i have 5 cats.
yes. it is a good way to learn how to be a cat lover.
hi, tracy. how are you doing today?
oh. i grew up on a farm, so that was not a thing.
soup is good. i love my mom.
no i don't dance i am an alcoholic
wow that is really weird, i have a farm with pigs and i teach them too
i am not a fan of alcohol shakes. i am a bit of a health nut.
no, but i don't drive so i would not be able to
sorry to hear that. do you live in a city?
i love country music as well.
i love to cook for my friends.
i am a teacher and i have to cook a lot of meals.
cool. i love to eat with my friends
i love t swift.
i love pizza. i eat a ton of it.
i am getting married, i am getting married to taylor swift.
i think so. i also love to eat out.
i am great! how are you?
i have been doing it for a while, but i have not raced much.
i am sorry to hear that. i am glad you have a good rest
i have a big red beard, do you have one?
what do you do for work
it would be cool to have a race with you
what kind of music do you like?
yes it is! i just got back from my favorite beach
what do you do for a living?
i love fishing. what do you like to do for fun?
i will send you a pic when i get it in the mail
that is awesome, what are you studying?
i am sure he is happy. what do you teach?
its ok, we can bond over fishing.
i am great, just got back from a walk. what are you up to?
i love to garden. i am in the church on sundays, how about you?
i am a church teacher and i love to walk outdoors.
cats are cool! i have a dog, he is my favorite animal.
that is a fun profession. do you have any pets?
not really, i am more into the outdoors.
i love the church. i am a teacher
i would love to be a teacher. i love my job.
hi! i am great. how are you?
i like to watch my cats and birds with me.
i am old... i am old... i am an activist for animals.
i love my van. i spend my time with my cats
i don't have any kids but i do like animals.
i will, i am going to have to go to work early today
i like to eat a variety of foods. what about you?
yes, but its just a flesh wound.
i love dogs. i love tacos.
yes, i love the cars.
i love nascar too! i love the old cars.
yes it is. i like the postal service.
that is cool. do you like tacos? i love them
i have a dog named socks.
i have a fear of clowns. i don't want to be a clown.
i would rather talk to you
good, just finished my shift at a watch shop.
i work for a watch dealer
oh, i bet you were fabulous!
that is great! i work at a watch place, so i am always looking for new ideas!
oh... i am not a fan of strippers.
i have never danced.
that is great. i have been working for a watch dealer
yes i am. my favorite thing is to play pobox with my friends.
i am a boy. i have red hair.
i like gardening. do you have a job?
i have a dog. i love to play pobox.
i am a woman too, and i hate school, but i do love my job.
what is your favorite color?
i am taking a few classes online, i don't have to worry about grades.
yes, that is exactly what i mean. i hate school.
i am doing great. how about you?
i am getting ready for a divorce. i hate my job.
i am going to get a divorce and start a family.
that is cool. my wife is a tennis player.
no, i have been divorced for 2 years. you?
do you like your job?
thanks, i appreciate that. what is your favorite thing?
i have a long trip in a few days to spain. you?
i am actually a librarian. i am also retired.
i have 2 dogs and a cat
i have never had one.
it is not. it is not hard to travel at all.
i have been to spain twice. i want to travel there again.
i am sure it is. i would love to retire in a few years
i am sure he loves your dad. i love my retirement
i am good, just got back from bird watching. how about you?
i am vegan, and i love animals
i love poetry too. i like to read animal books when i am not working.
i do! i like all movies!
i am an activist for animals. i am also vegan.
i am not sure, i was a kid. i was a hippy.
thanks i try. what do you do for work?
i like it too. i am an activist for the animals
i just came home from a job
i have a boy and a girl.
i have a house in florida, i love my dogs
i love to play with my kids, dogs and my house
i am not sure. i live in florida, and i am not sure where they play it.
i am a female and i work in it
i would rather not swim in the water.
that is too bad! i am a math major at a local school
hi, kim here. i have not heard of any diets.
i am sorry to hear that. i hope you get better soon
i have to say i don't care....
my dog is named charlie, after my personal trainer. i like to sing about his name.
do you like chocolate? i love chocolate candy!
wow, that is a lot! i am a dog lover.
i like to eat candy, so i am a happy person.
hello, how are you today?
that sounds like a scary place. i would not like to live there
it is. i have a friend that lives there.
i like american as well. do you like any foods from other countries?
i like to eat food. i don't have a favorite.
i love tacos, but i am not big into them. do you eat them?
those sound yummy. i love to eat tacos.
that is a good idea. you like taco?
hi, i am doing good, and you?
that is cool. i love animals too. i have a few of them.
i am sorry. do you have any hobbies?
ll! i like rock music.
i don't have many hats, but i do have a few horses.
i like all kinds of music. i like rock music too.
i listen to a lot of indie music.
hi, i am doing well. listening to my favorite band, arabian horses.
i love rock! i am a horse lover
i love the simple life! i like to ride horses. i ride them a lot.
yes! i love my arabian horses, do you have any?
i love to ride horses
i don't have any pets, i don't know if i should get one.
i do! but i love it! i also love to ride horses.
they are. my husband is an arabian and he has one for his horse.
congrats! what do you do for work? i am a construction worker.
that is crazy! i am a construction worker and have been 16 for 2 years.
i have 2 kids. i am working in construction
i am a construction worker and i get so much food.
i like watching sports, but i don't have a car to go with my sports car.
that sounds like a great combo to have while working!
i like to watch them, i like watching them race and eat food.
i am glad to hear that. i am in construction.
sure! i am a student, but my wife is a doctor
i am an economics major and married for a year.
no, i am in college and i am an economics major
oh, that is good. do you have a lot of pets?
no i don't, do you have any kids
i guess you have a point
i think it is hard to do with the stones playing in the background.
yes, i have a wife and 2 kids, i need to eat more meat.
hello. i am doing well. how are you?
i am a college student, and i have a civic. do you have a car?
i don't play sports much but i do enjoy listening to rap music
yes i like to listen to it while i drive my civic.
yes i drive, i have a new honda civic, you?
yes it will. i hope it is not as bad as the civic i drive.
i don't work long hours. i just like to make music
that sounds fun, i love to produce music for people
i am a bit of a loner, i live in the city.
that sounds fun. where do you live?
i am a retired 45 year old male. what do you do?
i am not much of a snow person. i prefer summer.
i have not been up that one. i am not sure i would like it.
i love the beach. i am 45 and i live on the coast.
oh. i don't like fl either.
i like playing games and watching tv
hello, i teach elementary school
i like all kinds. do you play any instruments?
that is cool. i love to play games with my kids.
i am a teacher.
up, i love them so much
up is my favorite. they are great! do you have any kids?
i am a teacher and i teach elementary. i have a lot of free time.
great, how are you?
i have three arabian horses. i have been riding them since they were babies.
i am a farm hand.
i like working with animals, i have three of them
i don't like rock music but i listen to it
that is a good way to keep them busy. i don't have babies yet.
they eat grass, like me. they are arabian.
there is a horse and a pig, i am a veterinarian.
i don't like to gamble, but i do go out for grilling
hi lisa, i am mary from boston.
do you gamble? i do. i go for mow my lawn when it is sunny.
oh no! that is horrible. i am sorry to hear that.
mine is black, i like to play outside.
i don't, i don't like to gamble, but i do go for a good steak
i agree. i go to the casino to gamble and i am a gambling man
i am going to grill my grass.
hi, i am doing well. how about you?
i am sorry, what kind of burgers do you like?
that sounds like fun! do you like music?
lol. i am a farmer.
i like rock and hip hop, but mostly classical.
about 10 years now. they are great pets.
it does but i am a very active person so it is not as bad as it sounds.
i am sure it is. i am not sure if i have ever ridden them before.
yes i want. how many friends do you have?
yes, we were. we met at a car dealership, but i don't sell cars.
it is okay. we all have our demons. i hate my job.
i am a car salesman. how about you?
i am not a big fan of video games myself
i am not sure i do. i am a car salesman. i hate my job.
i know that is true but it would not be fun without my wife
she is a pretty lady, i am sure you will find someone nice.
i have not seen my father in years, i was born outside my body
i am sorry to hear that. i was born with my heart in my body.
no, but i have seen pictures. i am sure it is beautiful.
i am a boy and i have a heart outside of my body.
yes i have, it is very relaxing
i have been better. i am a boy and i have a heart inside of me.
well, i am a boy so it is a little awkward, but i am ok
you should try again! i was born with my heart inside.
what are you doing right now?
i am great how about yourself?
i just don't have anyone to connect with
that is nice. i am single and live in the cloud
oh nice, i just moved from my cloud home.
yes, i am in college. i live with my parents.
i try to make it work
sounds good. do you like super hero movies?
yes they would i hope i can make them happy
that is nice. i have always enjoyed gardening
i am a teacher, what about you?
i do, i love to garden
yes, i agree. i have been working as a teacher, so i understand.
i love to garden and take walks. i love to walk outdoors too.
i have a golden retriever and a poodle.
lol i have a poodle. he is huge and cute
cool. i am a teacher. i have been a woman for 10 years.
hello, how are you?
yes i eat a lot of it
i have, i like the rolling stones.
i love going to concerts
i will probably just stay home and eat raw food.
i love to sing but i am in school
i am not a fan of it. i am more into music.
i am a big raw food fan, so i am thinking about going back to school
i do. i also have a dog walking business.
oh, i love dogs, i have 3 of them.
i have never had any pets.
i have three dogs, they are great company.
oh. i have a dog. i love dogs. do you have any pets?
my job is a door to door salesman. i am a pretty lady
it is. what do you like to do?
i am well. how are you doing?
i am a video game nerd. i love the new tomb raider.
i have a dog, i live in california.
a studio. but i am not a big fan of being inside.
i am not, i have been married for 45 years
that sounds cool. do you have any pets?
yes i do. i am 46 years old
i live in california. i love the beach. do you?
i am doing well, how about yourself?
i am in my early fifties. how about you?
i am sorry to hear that. do you like it?
i would not know. i am a bee farmer and have never met a single one
i am a professional beekeeper.
i know, right? i love italian food, so i have to have it.
yes, i live in italy. i have a beautiful orchards here!
hello! i do, but i prefer to dance to classical music
oh that sounds fun! do you go often?
oh no! i am sorry! what kind of music do you like?
i don't know i am not there
yes, i make good money. i don't get much though, since i am not very good.
she is a dancer. she would probably like that.
well i like to listen to classical music, i love the color red.
oh that sounds like fun. i am more of a car person.
no, but i am learning to speak another language, i love cooking for them.
cool! i love the violin as well
i speak english and spanish, but i am a clean eater.
oh that is fun, i love to run and eat
chocolate is good. i am a runner and i like to eat it.
yes i have to clean up after all the food.
i am not a big fan either
it is. but i don't think it is wrong.
i am good. just hanging out with the guys at the local shelter. you?
no i have not but i would love to
that is awesome! what is your favorite color? mine is green
i agree! i love helping people.
i love to volunteer at the local shelter, but i am also a pro wrestler
that is awesome. my husband and i are always together.
do you like being around people?
i agree! i have been working on my body lately.
i am doing well. how are you? i am just chilling. you?
i work in a human services office, i love it
i work for a human resources company.
no. i don't have kids yet.
i have. its pretty cool here.
i am in high school
i am, i have been married for almost 10 years.
i am sorry to hear that. i hope he gets better soon.
i am great. i am enjoying winter. how are you?
i am trying to make it through winter. my weakness for vanilla is winter.
i love the park. i have over 2000 hats.
i have a few of them. i love them all!!
cool! i have a collection of over 1000 hats, all vanilla.
i like to play with my cats and watch tv with them.
i have a weakness for winter.
i like the original version, but i like the newer ones.
i am good how are you
i have never been but i have heard it is amazing.
me too. i have been playing with my cat.
i am in high school, but my parents are both veterinarians, so i have to go to school
yes i am i have a lot of kids and i have been working from home.
i went to elementary school, but hated it. i am now a veterinarian.
i love the playground! it is fun to play roleplaying with my internet addiction.
i am well. how are you?
i am not a board gamer, but i am into death metal. you?
that is a great game. i like playing with my kids too.
i love teaching. i am a swim coach at a pool.
that is nice, do you have any hobbies?
well my family is from there and my mom is a traditional woman
oh, i don't know much about them, but i love death metal.
i am doing well, how about yourself?
that is cute, i have a pet dog too.
that is nice. i have a motorcycle i ride to help out my income.
yes i love pizza! do you like to surf?
mine are hazel too!
oh i love watermelons, i am going to paint my motor bike red.
you should get that checked out.
i am a waitress, but i have big brown eyes
hi, i am doing well, just enjoying the night
i like dog videos too. i am also into volunteer work.
my wife and i love them, too, especially since we have a cat at home.
i don't like either. but i like to be around people
i would love some. i am in my spare time volunteering at a shelter
you should try it. it is really tasty.
you should. i volunteer at a local shelter and have some good tips on how to help people.
i have done a lot of volunteer work in a lot of different shelters.
hi, paula. i am mia, what about you?
i am in my 20s. do you work?
i live in a big city in alaska. i am a buddhist, but i quit my job.
i am a buddhist. i just quit my job. i am now just focusing on spirituality.
i don't either but i do have some spirituality.
i wish mine would let me talk more. i am very anxious.
what do you do for a living?
i don't really like them
i am a little old for that, i am only 12 years old.
mine too. i think she is 12.
i am a school student. i get to stay with my mom and dad.
they are mean. and i have to go. have a great day! bye!
my mom is a teacher, i don't want kids
i have not heard of her. is she famous?
i am well. just got back from playing my guitar
i like to watch cooking shows, but i prefer to watch movies.
i don't like hummus.
i am not, i am vegan but i eat lots of chocolate.
i love roller coasters. i love to go on them. i love to eat chocolate
that is okay. i am not either but i love chocolate!
that is awesome, what do you do for fun
i speak both. i am an electrician, i can understand it.
i am good. i was just teaching my students french.
do you like to go out?
well you can always take a trip to the west coast and get a burger
that is what i do when my boyfriend and i are in an apartment together.
i understand that. i teach elementary school.
you are a professional. i am a teacher. what do you do?
thanks, you too! have a great day!
maybe. do you have any pets?
its going great. i have been working on a house for a few days now
that is a lot of homework. do you like to travel?
i love dogs! i have one dog, a black lab named bobby
you can have my five cats, they are so cute.
construction worker. my cats keep me busy.
i have never played soccer. i would love to though.
i build houses for a living, i love it too
yes i am a house builder. i have 5 cats.
i am well. i am from a small town.
that is good to keep you busy. i hope to be a lawyer someday.
i love the game. i have never played it. what is your favorite color?
i grew up in a big city, but i grew up on a farm
i grew up on a horse farm so we have a variety of snacks
that is cool. i want to go to a horse ranch and play my violins
i am not allergic, i eat them all the time.
that is cool i have always wanted to be a lawyer
yes i paint pictures, i don't really like the nhl though.
i bet. i am in the same boat.
i don't have a dog either
i don't eat any animal products.
i like soccer. what do you do for a living?
wow! that is a long time. do you work?
yes i love to paint and draw and watch hockey.
i am doing well, just finished riding some horses
i don't but i love riding horses. do you have any pets?
that is so cool! do you have any hobbies?
that is terrible! i have been married for a while.
do you have any hobbies?
i live in new york, but i love my purple and lime green room
i have never been but i would like to go sometime
i am, but i am not sure if i would ever marry.
i am a nurse at a hospital in detroit
i don't like shawarma. i like reading books.
i am a baby delivery nurse, so that is not fun.
that is cool! i am a delivery nurse so i have to walk 3 miles everyday
it is! i am a delivery nurse so i get to read a lot of books.
i am not a delivery nurse, but i am a nurse at the hospital.
yes, i think so
i am a baby delivery nurse
hello! i am great, how are you?
i am looking for a new job, i just got a job at the local gym.
i like the car, but not so much the driving. i love the running
i have an acara, but it is not enough
i am from california. you?
it is. i am also very good at cooking
i love to eat healthy, and i like running. what is your favorite food?
i am sure they would love to. what are you into?
i am doing great how about you
i did not go to see them i am a country singer
we did a few dance battles... we are country lovers.
i don't have a favorite but i like the ones with country lyrics
good luck! i have a great job in the industry
i am just a country singer
i have one child but i am married
sounds like a fun time. i am a country music singer
i am good just got off the horse farm
i am not married, i just live in a small town, no big family
congratulations! i hope you have a nice house.
do you want to be a lawyer?
thank you. do you have any hobbies?
yes. i would love to move to the city, where i live on a horse farm
i am not vegetarian, i am from a small town
yes, but i would like to go to the city.
i am well, how are you?
what are you going to school for?
wow! that is so great! what are you plans today?
i like chocolate candy.
that is cool, i am 4 and am in my first year of school.
i have been there before! do you like chocolate?
thanks, i am sure you are right! what do you do for fun?
i am still in school
hello! i love to shop, i am a shoe seller.
i am in a similar situation, my family supports me though, i work with them
what kind of work do you do?
oh no, i don't think you can do that
i am sorry to hear that. what do you do for fun?
you should go shopping for shoes and watches.
i am sure you do. do you have a job?
hi i am great how are you
i like to go to disneyland. do you like to go?
i am a fan of frozen. i am in the 3rd grade.
yes, he is very cool.
i would love to go again. i have been to disney a few times this year.
i am a fan of it.
that is awesome! do you like movies? i love the frozen movie
i am in the 3rd grade
good, i am a bit of a fish and chips fan, and i love paella!
it is, i am a great cook.
do you do any other work
i am not a big fan of fish, but i love chips.
i like the summer better because i get to eat fish and chips while i am there
i love vanilla ice cream! what is your favorite thing to do?
i have never been to europe. i would like to go one day.
i am a big fish and chips fan.
hi i am doing well just got back from sewing
i hope there is too, i am a bit tired from working.
i am a retired nurse. i am living the life of a retired man.
i like it. i have a great time alone.
i have a job sewing my own clothes.
thank you. i am very proud. i am retired and living the life of the great
oh wow, i am sorry to hear that.
i am a senior. do you work?
hello i am well, how are you?
that is good. i just got home from my nursing job
i work at a nursing home, so i am not sure what my purpose is.
i am overweight. and my wife left me.
i don't know how to do that
i work at a nursing home.
i like blue, it is the color of my heart.
i am into all kinds. what do you like to listen to?
i am more of a rock and roll kinda guy
that is awesome! what do you do for a living?
that is awesome. i have been there before
cool. what kind of computers?
i see. i have a part time job at a shipyard
i love the free spirit. i donate to charities all the time
i bet. i am a part of a charity, but i work in my own company.
you have a great attitude.
very true, i have two beautiful children
i am a 56 year old woman.
oh that is cool. my kids love wonder woman.
oh i see. i don't know how that works.
i am a 56 year old woman with 2 grown children.
no they are grown and not married.
no, but i do enjoy taking over the world. what do you like?
i am a dog walker, but i am ready to be a dog
yes, i am in school right now.
i live in cali
i live in alabama, i have two dogs and two cats.
i think i want to be a dog. i have a golden retriever
i don't eat chocolate candy, but i eat chocolate candy.
me too! i am hoping to get a dog when i grow up.
i like pistachio. i love chocolate and candy.
wow! that is a long time
good job! keep it up, you will be a millionaire!
that sounds like a lot of fun
yes, but i still enjoy eating them. what do you do?
i love eating hamburgers and fries.
i do love wine, and french fries.
yes it is and i love the feeling of a good french fry
i live with my family and love them.
i am great! i am celebrating 100 years. how about you?
i like classical music. what about you?
yeah. i even had a moonlight in my room.
i have a lot of wisdom to share, you should look into it.
dance and drink wine and watch the stars
i do. i am very healthy. do you eat healthy?
i was in a circus
yeah. i am sure you could do it.
nice. i live in the city. where do you live?
i love to explore new areas. i also like to go for bike rides.
oh wow that is awesome. i have been to a few.
that is cool, do you like music?
i play the violin. it is a very rewarding instrument.
i try my best
yes, i am a teacher, i teach piano, violin.
i like smoothies too. i have to get my meals from the restaurant.
that is too bad. i am a huge fan of the french fry.
cool. my boyfriend is in the army. he teaches me too.
i am sorry for your loss. i don't drink soda either
yes, but it is so worth it
i am in between jobs too, i have a boyfriend, but we don't talk much
i have never heard that before.
i like to drink soda, do you drink it?
hello. i am a huge coffee fan, so i am just chilling here. you?
yes, i am in the military as well. i don't drink.
i don't like the taste of coffee, so i don't drink it.
cool. i like the color pink
i love animals. i am also a huge coffee lover.
i am a big coffee fan. i am a huge coffee drinker.
i like to drink coffee, i have been doing that for a long time
hi there. i am well. i have a fish named bob
that is great. i love going to the sunset.
i have never heard of it. i am not much of basketball fan.
i am not a fan of teeth
i like him. i am not sure if we have met before
i like salmon too, but i don't eat it often
that is gross! i like to eat fish but i am allergic to them
i am still in the same spot i broke up with my boyfriend
nice! i am studying french and english. i like to go to the country.
i am learning to speak spanish, but i don't like it.
what do you create?
that sounds very interesting, do you like country music?
yes, but it does not mean i am not free to do whatever.
yes. i am a country girl. what about you?
i am trying. i love to listen to country music while i drive my cars.
thank you. i have two dogs.
hi! i just got done playing my guitar, how are you?
i am not afraid, but my next goal is french, my second language
it is nice to visit, but i prefer to stay home.
yeah. i am studying spanish, it is my second language.
that sounds cool, what is your fav food?
yes it is fun, i also like to go to concerts
what is your favorite band?
that is awesome. do you like it?
i am good. just finished skating my board.
i am not. i just broke my arm. i am a pro skater
i am a pretty good skater, so it is not a huge deal
what kind of games do you like to play?
i am rob. i like skateboarding and i am also a skater
i hope to play hockey. i have been skating since i was a kid.
i don't like the lifestyle of being a vet
you should have learned to swim. i am not very good at it.
i like the color yellow and garlic bread. i am an old man.
i go to casinos when i am not working. i go to gamble in my spare time
no, i am a retired nurse. i go to gamble in my spare time though.
nice! i am a gambler. i have been playing blackjack since i retired.
i don't. i do like to grill them
i have never had lasagna before. i don't gamble much though.
oh ok. i don't gamble.
i am well and yourself?
i am a woman and my husband is a man.
do you enjoy your new home?
i am glad you are happy. do you like to read?
that is cool. i like the color blue.
his name is mike and he is my favorite
i love to go hiking. i am married and have 2 kids. you?
hi, i am from the rural area of a farming community.
i love horses. what do you do for fun?
that is cool. i love horses, i own my own farm.
i don't have any kids.
i love it. i have a dog and we love it.
yes, its very fun. i have to watch it sometimes to keep me entertained.
it does, i have a dog that has a lot of energy, he is a german shepherd
i am doing well, just listening to some rap music, my favorite!
that is crazy! i am pregnant with twins too. i am eating a slice of pizza right now.
a pug! he is the best. i love him. what about you?
yes i do, i am in the bank
i am sorry, i don't understand. tellers are boring, i make my own music for my job
that is rough, i have a cat named charlie.
lol, that is a funny name for a baby
that is cool, i hope it gets better for you.
i am a postal service employee.
i love the beach, it is my favorite thing.
they are both, but i don't think they are bugs.
i am scared of them, and they get me into fights.
he does a lot of good for our family
that is awesome. i have a german shepherd
i am sure that is true
i love teaching too! i teach my german shepherd barnaby to walk. he is terrified.
i am great, how about yourself?
i play the guitar and sing in a band
it is, what is your favorite type of music?
i do that with the guitar and piano.
no, i am just a musician.
i love folk music
i am going to make some food and go to the coffee shop
i don't. i am more of a guitar guy.
i am good, just watching a tv show. you?
i am not much of a sports person. i like rollercoasters.
that is cool. i love to cook. i am a vegan, so i am very versatile.
i love to eat hummus, i also eat vegan
i love to eat and watch food network
that sounds fun. i have to go swimming today. i love it!
i don't like the water. i like sky diving and rollercoasters
that is cute, do you have any pets?
