i love to go hiking too! i have a huge stereo in my truck
hello, i'm doing good. just got back from my weekly shopping trip
i like music and i like to jam with friends
i worked in the usa for a time. i am a bio major
i am not much of a painter, but my family does.
i am afraid of heights. my dog and i are native american
i like to go to national parks.
i am a teacher at the childrens hospital. i like to read and write.
well i guess i could have a cat if you want
i am in my thirties. what do you do?
hi i am good how are you?
i was too, until i got a pet. now i'm more open minded
do you live in a tropical area?
that's a good goal! what do you do for a living?
no, i have not. i wish there was a japanese restaurant here.
yes. i am an engineer, so i don't listen to much music.
that's cool. i have a cat named zane
they are awesome! i like to ride them a lot, too.
it is very beautiful, i love it here.
that is cool. i eat granola for breakfast every day!
cool! i have two arkansas cats. i love them!
do you like to travel much?
its a chilly night here in ohio, how about yourself?
i am well. how are you?
i'm a junior in high school and i love driving my volkswagen bmw
yes i love to, do you?
my family has a farm and we have lots of fresh produce.
i've been married for 20 years.
i love to read. do you like to read?
i'd love to see germany myself.
i am a big fan of books too.
you are right. my mom is a doctor and i pay for it.
i am not sure i understand.
yes, i love to eat chocolate candy. do you?
you are a good parent and hope your kids don't have to go through this
i love horror movies, and i sing!
that is great i love those kinds of books
oh wow, that is really interesting!
that's cool i like to knit too, i have a hat collection of over 1000 hats.
yes, i will. i'm single, so it would be nice to have someone to talk to.
cool, i am from ohio, where are you from?
that is awesome. do you have a favorite?
that's a good hobby to have. i volunteer at a local bunny rescue.
i had a lot of good times. i was a kid, so i had plenty of good times.
my dad is a cop, he adopted all of my animals
i'm 34. how old are you?
i listen to it while i cook my meals.
no. i used to work at a local supermarket.
animal rights
wow that is interesting
i love the ocean, i love swimming. do you?
do you like dogs? i've 3
i am a little older than you, i'm 19
i don't sell them. i'm allergic to them
rock, especially old school stuff.
that's great. what do you want to study in college?
what is your favorite show?
that's cool, my dad does too. what kind of music do you like?
i am not sure i could pull it off.
i love to sing folk songs i adopted a cat recently
nice. my best friend lives in nashville and we go there a lot.
that's cool. what kind of bodybuilding?
hi. good, how are you?
that must have been very traumatic. sorry about that.
i'm sure you do
i live in nyc. where are you from?
nice! i just got a cat, named spook.
i spend most of my time days at school, i love it.
what do you do for a living?
i am single, but we are getting married in the spring.
i have a dog and a cat. what kind of do you have?
i like to write about the lord of the rings, i read them in my spare time
i just got in from practicing my bird law
hi lucy. i am kim kardashian. i'm a professional dancer.
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
cool, what do you do for a living?
i'm going to a concert. my favorite is bach.
we don't play much. i am more of a fan of the metallica
my cat is named after a snake
hi, i am eating my favorite cheeseburgers.
i love to read, i also have a pet cat, named arizona
no, i play a lot of rpgs. i also like building space stations
oh okay. do you like animals?
wow, that is pretty unique!
i want to be a fashion designer. how about you?
hi i am doing great how are you?
i like them, i work at a pet store
i live in new york and model.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm originally from california.
i am not, but my best friend did. do you like music?
they are. i love listening to it while i work.
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i love walking to and from work too! i live in a big house with many garages and drive everywhere.
i work as a teacher. i'm off tomorrow, and i am going to binge read the lord of the rings.
yeah, i'm trying to figure out what to do with my life.
do you like sports? i play soccer professionally
my husband and i both work as a business and manage our families
i love to read as well, but i am more of a dog person myself.
i love fall too! i just moved to ohio and am very excited about it.
i work on websites all day and i am an adult.
that is a noble pursuit. i wish my parents would allow it
that's cool. what do you do for a living?
they do! they have a kid, he's almost 5!
i love to shop, i just got back from a new shirt.
i'm eating a big family meal. i love it.
i'm retired and live in a big house with my family.
i hope it is as interesting as new york. i am moving next year.
i teach biology there.
i don't. i work in sales and i love to sell stuff.
i went to a school for deaf people.
i love soccer. i am an avid player. i play on the soccer team.
i hope so too. i want to be a teacher one day.
sometimes, sometimes i eat it all in one sitting
i will work out 5 times a week to stay thin. i am a strict diet.
that is nice! i love south carolina.
i'm doing good. i am just writing an essay for my science fiction book.
i'm married. we have three kids
my cats name is tupac.
no, i just like to explore. what do you do for fun?
i'm doing great. what are you doing?
