i love to hike in my big truck and listen to music from my big stereo
hello i am doing great. i just came back from a nice long surf session.
i like to party, i love to go out and party
i worked at burger king as a burger artist. i hated it.
i am not much of a painter, but my family does.
i am afraid of heights. my dogs and i live in oklahoma
i hike in national parks, i love hiking.
i am a teacher at the childrens school. i like to read too!
well i guess i could have a cat if you want.
i am in my thirties. what do you do?
hi i am good how are you?
i was too, until i got a pet. now i rock out!
do you live in a tropical area?
that's a good dream! what do you do for a living?
no, i have not. i'm too busy studying. i want to be a lawyer.
yes. i am also a musician. what is your favorite instrument?
that's cool, i have a cat named charlie
they are awesome! i like to ride them a lot, too.
it is very beautiful, i love blue.
that is cool. i collect old school cars, and i have two kids.
cool! i live in chicago. where do you live
do you like to travel much?
its a beautiful day here in ohio
i am well. how are you?
i'm a senior in high school and i love driving my volkswagen beetle
yes i love to, do you?
my family has a farm. we have lots of fresh produce.
i've been married for 20 years.
i love to read. do you like to read?
i'd love to travel to spain. i've never been before.
i am a big book lover. my favorite book is the hunger games
you are right. my mom is very wealthy so i am always on her good side.
i am not sure i understand. what do you mean by hard?
yes, i love sports! i played football for a division a college
that's a good thing to pray for. do you work at a hospital?
i love horror movies, what do you like?
that is great i love those kinds of books
oh wow, that is really interesting!
that's cool i like to knit. do you have a job?
yes, i will. i need to work out more.
cool, i am from ohio, where are you from?
i love nature, do you like poetry?
that's a good hobby to have. i volunteer at a local red cross.
i had a lot of good teachers
my dad is a cop, he adopted all of my siblings
i'm 34. how old are you?
i do, i also like to cook, i have three children
no, i didn't. i'm afraid of dogs.
i am an attorney
wow that is interesting
i love fitness, i workout almost everyday.
do you like dogs? i've 3
i am a blue eyed teenager, what do you do?
i don't sell them. i'm just homeschooling my child.
classical, especially folk music
that's great. what do you want to study in college?
what is your favorite show
that's cool, my dad taught me to ride a rollercoaster!
i'd wear them to my coplay party.
i love to sing folk songs i am so happy
nice. my best friend lives next door and i listen to him
that's cool. what kind of bodybuilding?
hi. good, how about you?
that must have been very traumatic. sorry about that.
i'm sure you do
i live in ohio. i love to go to florida.
nice! i just got a new apartment with my best friend.
i spend most of my time time at school, i love it.
what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
i am single, but i do have a dog.
i have a dog and a cat. what kind of dogs do you have?
i like to write them too, but i am a huge star wars fan
i am a lawyer, what do you do?
hi lucy. i am jessi.
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
i love to eat, i eat a lot of horse meat.
i'm going to a bach concert on sunday.
we don't play much. i am more of a fan of the metallica
my cat is named after a snake
hi, i am eating my favorite cheeseburgers.
i love to read, i also have a pet cat, named arizona
yeah, but mostly in my spare time.
oh okay. do you like animals?
wow, that is pretty unique!
i want to be a fashion designer. how about you?
hi i am doing great how are you?
i like them, i work at pet smart and my father was a cop
i live in new york and work model.
i love playing video games. what do you do for work?
i am not, but my best friend who is a teacher at my school likes to call me that.
they are. i love listening to them while i work.
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i love walking to work, i also love to cook meals from the garden.
i work as a teacher. i'm a huge fan.
yeah, i'm trying to figure out what to do with my life.
do you like sports? i play soccer professionally
my kids would love it too!
i love to workout as well, it is nice to have a hobby
i love fall too! i live in ohio and do all of these cool things
i work in the insurance business
that is a noble pursuit. i wish my parents would allow it
that's cool. what do you do for a living?
oh wow! that's so cool. i'm moving in with my husband soon
i love to shop, i just got my first nurse card!
i'm eating a big family meal. i love it.
i don't have any siblings. i'm sorry.
i hope it is as interesting as new york.
i teach biology there.
i don't have any, but i do love music. do you have kids?
i went to a school for deaf people.
i love soccer. i play with my dad who is a pro.
i hope so too. i am hoping for good things for the future
sometimes, sometimes i eat it all in one sitting
i will work out as hard as i can.
that is nice! i grew up in the south, i've family that lives in new york
i'm doing good. i am just writing up an essay for my class
i'm not. i am just a girl who loves sports and likes to play sports.
my cats name is tupac.
no, i just have long hair. i live in a small house with my family and friends
i'm doing great. what are you doing?
