i love to hike in my big stereo, it is my favorite!
hello i am doing great. i just got back from a skateboarding session
i like to party, i love music and i never finished high school
i worked in the us. in biology. you?
i am an artist. do you like country music?
i am afraid of heights. my dogs and i are working on it
i like to go to national parks.
i am a teacher at the childrens hospital. i like to read and write.
well i guess i could have a cat if you want
i am in my thirties. what do you do?
hi i am good how are you?
i was too, until i got a pet. now i'm more open minded
do you live in a tropical area?
that's a good goal! what do you do for a living?
no, i have not. i wish there was a japanese restaurant here.
yes. i am also a musician. what do you do?
that's cool, i have a cat named zane
they are awesome! i like to ride them a lot, too.
it is very beautiful, i love it here.
that is cool. i eat granola for breakfast every day!
cool! i live in chicago. where do you live
do you like to travel much?
its a beautiful day here in ohio
i am well. how are you?
i'm a senior in high school and i love driving volks
yes i love to, do you?
my family has a farm and we have lots of fresh produce.
i've a large family and have three dogs. what is your favorite food?
i love to read. do you like to read?
i've never traveled outside of the us.
i am a big fan of books too. i also write them.
you are right. my mom is very wealthy so i am covered.
i am not sure i understand.
yes, i love sports, especially soccer.
you are a good parent and hope your kids don't have to go through this
i like horror movies, and i was born in the us, but south carolina
that is great i love those kinds of books
oh wow, that is a lot! my mom is a secretary. i like to eat a lot of meat.
that's cool i like to knit. do you knit?
yes, i will. i work in labor and delivery, so i need company.
cool, i am from ohio, where are you from?
i love reading poetry, poetry is my passion.
that's a good hobby to have. i volunteer at a local bunny rescue.
i had a lot of good times. i was adopted at a young age.
my dad is a cop, he adopted all of my siblings
i'm 34. how old are you?
i listen to it while i cook my meals.
no. i used to work for a local circus, though.
i am an attorney
wow that is interesting
i love the ocean, it is so relaxing. i love swimming
do you like dogs? i've 3
i am in california too. i grew up on a farm
i don't sell them. i'm allergic to them
rock, especially old school stuff.
that's great. what do you want to study in college?
what is your favorite show
that's cool, my dad is a skateboarder
i am not sure i could pull it off.
i love to sing folk songs i am so sad about the world
nice. my best friend lives in nashville and we go there a lot.
that's cool. what kind of bodybuilding?
hi. good, how about you?
that must have been very traumatic. sorry about that.
i'm sure you do
i live in nyc. where are you from?
nice! i just got a new apartment with my best friend.
i spend most of my time days at school, i am a teacher!
what is your favorite color? mine is blue.
i am single, but we are getting married in the spring.
i have a dog and a cat. what kind of dogs do you have?
i like to write about the lord of the rings, i read them in my spare time
i am a lawyer, what do you do?
hi lucy. i am leigh. i am a vegan.
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
cool, what do you do for a living?
i'm going to a bach concert on sunday.
we don't play much. i am more of a fan of the metallica
my cat is named after a snake
i'm doing good. i am five feet tall and i'm a child prodigy.
i love to read, i also like to read books about animals
no, i play a lot of board games.
oh okay. do you like animals?
wow, that is pretty unique!
i want to be a fashion designer. how about you?
hi i am doing great how are you?
i like them, i work at pet smart and my father was a cop
i live in new york and model.
i love playing video games. what do you do for work?
i am not, but my best friend who is a teacher at my school likes to call me that.
they are. i love listening to them while i work.
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i love walking to and from work too! i live in a big house with many garages and drive everywhere.
i work as a teacher. i'm a huge fan.
yeah, i'm trying to figure out what to do with my life.
do you like sports? i play soccer professionally
my kids would love it too!
i love to read as well, but i am more of a dog person myself.
i love fall too! i just bought a house in ohio.
i work in the insurance business
that is a noble pursuit. i wish i had siblings.
that's cool. what do you do for a living?
oh wow! that's so cool. i'm from california but i live in florida now.
i love to shop, i love to shop for. i am a nurse.
i'm eating a big family meal. i love it.
i don't have any siblings. i'm retired and live on a horse farm.
i hope it is as interesting as new york. i don't like singing.
i teach biology there.
i don't. i'm a single dad so we don't have kids.
i went to a school for deaf people.
i love soccer. i am an avid soccer player. do you play?
i hope so too. i am a teacher, so i love finding those people.
sometimes, sometimes i eat the whole batch
i will work out as much as i can.
that is nice! i love to go there when i visit family in california.
i'm doing good. i am just writing an essay for my science fiction book.
i'm married. we have three kids
my cats name is tupac.
no, i don't hunt. i am more of a fisherman
i'm doing great. what are you doing?
