i love to hike in my big truck and listen to music.
hello i am doing great. i just got back from my fashion model gig
i like music and i like to jam with friends
i worked at a bar in the u. s. studying biology and i love it.
i am not much of a painter, but my family does love them
i am afraid of heights. my dogs and i are working on it
i like to go to national parks. i hike in all of them
i am a teacher at the childrens school. i like to read too!
well i guess i could have a cat if you want
i am in my thirties. what do you do?
hi i am good how are you?
i was too, until i got a pet. now i rock out!
do you live in a tropical area?
that's a good goal! what do you do for a living?
no, i have not. i wish there was a japanese restaurant here.
yes. i am an engineer, so i love to make stuff.
that's cool. i have a cat named zane
they are awesome! i like to ride them a lot, they are so fun.
it is very beautiful, i love blue.
that is cool. i eat granola for breakfast every day!
cool! i live in chicago. i've two cats.
do you like to compete? i love to
its a chilly night here in ohio, how about yourself?
i am well. how are you?
i'm a junior at hs and i love driving my volkswagen beetle
yes i love to, do you?
my family has a farm. we have lots of fresh produce.
i've been married for 20 years.
i love to read. do you like to read?
i'd love to see germany myself.
i am a big book lover. my favorite book is the hunger games
you are right. my mom is a doctor and i pay for it.
i am not sure i understand. what do you mean by hard?
yes, i love sports! i played football for a division a college
you are a good parent and hope your kids don't have to go through this
i love horror movies, what do you like?
that is great i love those kinds of books
oh wow, that is really interesting!
that's cool i like to knit. do you have a job?
yes, i will. i work in labor and delivery, so i need to stay fit.
cool, i am from ohio, where are you from?
i love running, do you like sports?
that's a good hobby to have. i volunteer at a local red cross.
i had a lot of good times. i was a painter.
my dad is a cop, he adopted all of my siblings
i'm 34. how old are you?
i listen to it while i cook my meals.
no, i didn't. i'm afraid of dogs though.
i am an attorney
wow that is interesting
i love fitness, i go to the beach every day to do so.
do you like dogs? i've 3 of them
i am a blue eyed teenager, what do you do?
i don't sell them. i'm a home school teacher
rock, especially old school stuff.
that's great. what do you want to teach?
what is your favorite show
that's cool, my dad is the king of tae kwan do
i am not sure i could pull it off.
i love to sing folk songs i adopted a cat recently
nice. my best friend lives next door and i listen to him
that's cool. what kind of bodybuilding?
hi. good, how are you?
that must have been very traumatic. sorry about that.
i'm sure you don't want to get addicted to it
i live in nyc. where are you from?
nice! i just got a new apartment with my best friend!
i spend most of my time time at school, i love it.
what do you do for a living?
i am single, but we are getting married in the spring.
i have a dog and a cat. what kind of dogs do you have?
i like to read too! i also like to write some of them.
i am a lawyer, what do you do?
hi lucy. i am leigh. i am a vegan.
hi. i am doing great. how are you?
cool, what do you do for a living?
i'm going to a concert. my favorite is bach.
we don't play much. i am more of a fan of the metallica
my cat is named after a snake
i'm doing good. i am in school and my name is larry.
i love to read, i also like playing board games.
no, i play a lot of video games.
cool, i live in ohio but i'm not religious at all
wow, that is pretty unique!
i want to be a fashion designer. what is your occupation?
hi i am doing great how are you?
i like them, i work at a pet store.
i live in new york and model.
i'm sorry to hear that. i'm originally from california.
i am not, but my best friend is. do you like music?
they are. i love listening to them while i work at the hospital.
hi! i am doing well. how are you?
i love walking to work, i also love to cook meals from the garden!
i work as a teacher. i'm off tomorrow, and i am going to binge read the lord of the rings.
yeah, i'm trying to figure out what to do with my life.
do you like sports? i play soccer professionally
my kids would love to have a big family
i love to workout as well, it is nice to have a hobby
i love fall too! i just moved to ohio and am very excited about it.
that is cool, what do you do for fun?
that is a noble pursuit. i wish i could have siblings like you.
that's cool. what do you do for a living?
they do! they have a kid, he's almost 5!
i love to shop, i just got back from a new shirt.
i'm eating a big family meal. i love it.
i don't have any siblings. i'm very active.
i hope it is as interesting as new york. i hope to learn a lot.
i teach biology there.
i don't. i work in sales and i just bought a house.
i went to a school for deaf people.
i love soccer. i am an avid player myself.
i hope so too. i want to be a teacher one day.
sometimes, but i try not to because i'm so busy
i will work out as much as i can.
that is nice! i love to sing!
i'm doing good. i am just writing an essay for my science fiction book.
i'm not. i am just a girl who likes to play sports
my cats name is tupac.
no, they're real. they're called lemmings
i'm doing great. what are you doing?
