i have a lot of meat to grill up this weekend . any plans ?
hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ?
folk music , its kind of like storytelling . people dig it , you listen to music ?
i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now .
that is a great gift to have .
i would call the fire department , since they like cats and dogs .
right by the back porch
what sorts of things do you do with your kids ?
only quilts and money are real .
i am 24 . i finished college in may . now looking for a job .
i am fine . i am sore from physical training .
my grandfather , all my uncles and my dad were police officers .
well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon
that is awesome sounds like a fun job
i was there once like 5 years ago . beautiful country .
i like to think i am . my job demands it of me
what kind of music you like
you should check them out . they are super smooth to ride .
yes , the peach and the quiet , it is heaven .
wow that is very nice ! he gives you that car ?
gardening is always fun . i like the guitar
what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming
it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden .
hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ?
i do not know who he is ?
you can have so much fun doing it .
send some over for christmas ! i love christmas
i am single as well
that sounds fun , i should get a dog .
oh i am so scared of dogs ! what kind do you have ?
not me ! ! i like to be alone !
i agree with you on that one . do you have facial hair
now i just play a lot of games .
lol , i have been playing sports all through elementary and high school .
awesome ! the girls and i at hairdresser school pray together all the time .
that would be so fun !
yeah , how about drama , i love those
i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary .
what is your hobby ? mine is cooking .
i could be your human friend .
cool . i bet it is wonderful there
do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how .
yucky you better get to cleaning that
sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner
what is your favorite restaurant ? yes they were called nanny dogs
i am 25 years old .
that sounds nice and soothing .
no , i worked at the ferris wheel .
i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated
bills cost money . after dinner i usually go out and play with my friends under the sea
i love my kids , but i love reading as well !
i m more of a steak person myself lol
yes they do . i would much rather have a ton of land somewhere and be alone .
i do i am also teaching my kid at home .
i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar
good luck . i also like to write fantasy books . are you a reader ?
you can always watch tv , you cannot always find time to travel .
i do not like tall people at all .
or that , haha . i love the beach , i get to go alot because i live in cali
sorry that must suck . i recently got a new cat that cheers me up
my best friend since kindergarten and i like to go fishing .
we can train together . my dad is a tae kwan do instructor .
hey there how are you today ?
oh wow that is crazy
thank you for your service .
same here . god bless you .
maybe i should try that , seattle is not cheap for kindergarten teachers
what do you teach your kid in home school ? does he like school ?
we could totally be friends lol
she has a mean terrier ! and maybe .
no but i wish i did . i own a dieting business that is why i asked . you sing ?
that is cool . do you get your books at the bookstore or online ?
it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe .
i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery
am am fine thanks you
me too ! although my left leg hurts every day because of all the activities i do .
i am up for anything but bug related expos
growing up in wisconsin , i played hockey all the time .
i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting
hello doing good just listening to music
i play monopoly or risk or any board game really
just like that , i also build model spaceships in my free time .
i have visited several times , i prefer hawaii
i do not get my nails done often . hard to tend to my garden with them .
i just finished bacon and pancakes .
i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ?
i am still rocking to nirvana . i love animals !
new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ?
that is not fun . what is your name ?
so you are a realist
no only for babies , and only in the hospital
hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw
i love the gym , i go daily .
crazy ! nurses are like elves bringing in new life into the world to fight evil
okay thanks , i hope you have one too
do you like to ready diet book ?
yeah , i am lucky to have a great husband , he has his own business .
i wish my parents are here to work out with me
yep . the leaves change here and it is beautiful . i like to hike in fall .
cool ! ! any property in canada ? my family is looking to upgrade .
i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful .
oh wow , i love animals too . i like animals more than i do people
i bet they will be so cute . and their names will be off the hook .
yea , i am really excited to get a job as a full time nurse .
sounds good . i would not mind having some but i have to home make it .
that sounds lovely . i have a cat .
true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ?
what school are you referring to ?
nope , my real job is wheelchair sales and design is my hobby , i freelance .
in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals .
do you still study or you graduated ?
are u kind ? or someone i need to look out for
of course ! got to have something to eat while i paint as a hobby
it is ok . i just have to be more focused .
wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd
i am good but missing my parents on the 2 year anniversary of their death
i am too busy with sports .
my cat is named mittens
oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ?
not too bad . a little sad , but such is life .
